A	Forget every timthat the
B	Oh dear , this doesn't stick at all .
B	WhatRena . What , this bit or this b
B	Like this ?
A	Where did myoh , it'sit's stuckhere .
D	wanna go today .
D	Ooh 
B	I sabotaged it .
A	Yeah .
A	Okay . Keep an eye if I'm dropping this 'cause just seemah , as I said , it doesn't seem very sPerhaps sweater , or maybe if I set it here on thethis brand thing . Are they on , yeah . On .
C	Ooh , there you go .Doesn't wanna stay .
B	Yeah , mine doesn't stick today either .
D	Yeah , seems slippery .
C	Yeah .
A	Okay .
D	What day is it ?
D	Okay .
B	Who wants to write summary ?
D	Summary .
A	What ? Was that a answer . WelOkay . I was just about to
D	Um no .No , just the summary . No , that was just summary .No . Um no umokay .
B	Oh .
B	I'll do it .
C	No it won't .
D	Oh , write the sum okay , right .
D	Yeah , okay .
B	Um have you changed the the file yet ?
D	I didI was trying toI didn't have privileges to get in to update your file .I w I actually meant to I meant to send the email and then I was just c didn't get around to it .
B	Oh .
B	Yeah .Yeah , I forgot that actually .
B	Yeah . No , when we umwhen you said at the beginning I thought must check the read-write and then I never did it .
D	Yeah , I hadyeah , 'cause I forget mine as well , and it's just like , you know , every time put something in there . Um so yeah , I was j yeah . That was the main thing , so um as soon as that's in it'll be right out . I was making a couple of little change as well . So so those will be able to play with . Still working on the umtrying to get the topics and summary search implemented as well . So that's that's sorta tonight as well . SoUm yeah . Other than that it's sorta coming along . Um getting a better feel for all these NITE objects .
B	No ? Alright .
B	Mm-hmm .
B	Mm g yeah . Uh .
C	Yeah . The fun and games . Yeah .
D	It's justI don't know , it seems a little chaos . I don't know , it's just it's umI don't know , it's it's like if you're gonna use this stuff later on in your life , then you t spend the time to invest and learn all about them , but it's like okay , wow . What's the minimum I can get away with that that will get me what we need . So it's like , I don't know , unless I wanna do something with this in the futur
B	Yeah .
B	Yeah , yeah , exactly , yeah . Yeah .
C	Yeah .Yeah .
B	Make browsers for the rest of the night .
A	You could change your project .Do a P_H_D_ ouh yeah .
C	Seems unlikely .
D	Yeah , right .Yeah , mm .I don't know . Anyways , so umyeah , that's my bad .
B	There is a file in the directory called disful .
B	I ho what is it ?
D	I th
C	It's an Excel s S_X_dot X_S_L_ .
D	I think Iyeah . I I saw that and I'm just trying to remember if I did create it , 'cause I think I was'cause I was trying some stuff uh a couple weeks ago , uh so that may be mine . Um
A	I haven't created it .
C	Doesn't st have anything in it Oh , it does , it has about three lines of X_M_L_ that didn't do much , I think . Yeah .What's that ?
D	Oh really ? Okay .
B	Oh right . Yeah , that's right , yeah , yeah .
D	Oh yeah ? Okay okay . Yeah , 'cause I saw it again today and I was just woWas that me . Yeah , I think that was me , I think so . Um but yeah , I'llyeah that was that wasand sure .
B	Oh right . Well
B	j do you want remo move that just njust for nicety .
C	It just seems to be occupied . The place is alright , doesn't matter really . There's plenty in there .
D	No .G
D	Give you false impressions of what's haps something's going on .
C	I had lots of stuff in there yesterday thaDid you see ?Loads of stuff .Oh no , they live there , but there'sI had even more stuff there yesterday . I was unzipping all this kind of crazy huge things that were enormous . I needed them , they were for this though . It's alright , but u
D	Yeah ,I know it . Tons , tons . All those objects , yeah .
A	I I do
B	Yeah , yeah . Anreally .
D	Right . How's our quota on that ? What'what doactually do you know how much we have ? Yeah , okay . So we probably won't have to worry about that . Yeah . Yeah .Okay .
B	Oh it's huge , several gig I think .
A	Yeah . Shoulda run the I_L_ in that directory .Yeah .
C	Yeah , it's uh it's aboutyeah , it'sso I think there's about eight gigs on there . So yeah , it's no problem . It's just much bigger than all of our home directories combined , isn't it .
B	Yeah , something like that , yeah .
D	Yeah , exacexactly .
D	Um I don't know . How's everything else going ?
A	Sounds good .
B	Has anyone had time to to play with it ?
C	Yeah . I had a play with it um yesterday . Uh no , it was good really . Yeah , I liked it . Um
A	Oh .
A	.
B	Any comments ?
C	uh 
C	it uh generated a lot of exceptions in the background . But they didn't cause any problems , but it just
D	Oh , yeah . Actually
B	Um
D	Do we wanna keep that ? Like are we keeping that how that happens ? It just prints everything out in the in the shell as well , like as it does everything , it just kindaI guess that's its default behaviour anyway . So it's just kindadoesn't really do anything . So , okay .
B	Oh right .
B	Might as well , yeah . I meanyeah . The thing is that , yeah , there isas I said a while ago , there is still this one error which is a bug in in N_X_T_ um that r r always generates these . I think when you when you left-click or right-click or something , I can't remember now .
D	Oh , right .
D	Yeah .
B	Um but if it's a real error , then it it stops , so you can't do any any moreGood . Good . Good .
C	Uh yeah , I didn't discover any of those , yeah .I did have a look .I prodded it to see if it'd break , but it didn't break too m I didn't play that long , but um it seemed alright really , yeah . And itthe the th the start-up's great , looks quite good , looks alright . And so yeah , yeah .
A	It's good thing . Yeah .
D	'Kay .Right .
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah . I was more or less just playing with the things that had to do directly with what I was doing , so didn't didn't take it for a full test drive yet . But uh I can do that . That'swell , right after this , yeah .
B	Okay .
B	Yeah , be good . Is there any any comments you have about just like wording andor some sort of minor things ?
A	Yeah . I'll do it .
C	No , looked alright . The only the only thing is theit's notthe start-up screen is not too pretty . But uh thethe s It doesn't matter too much .
B	Hmm .
D	A lot of this Java stuff isn't though .
B	Yeah , I know . At the moment as well the whole windows that pop up are not pretty at all . But um , you know , I would make them a bit nice if I had more time , but at the moment it doesn't look like that . So I will if
D	Mm-hmm .
C	No , it's not it's not it's not a umit's not the top priority , is it .
D	If you if you ch if you change your window manager , it might look a little bit nicer .Justyeah . Oh yeah ? Okay , right .
C	Yeah . I think it'd look better on Windows as well actually . 'Cause um itJava uses the native Windows , doesn't it ? So
D	Yeah .
C	Yeah .
D	Yeah . Actually can we run it on Windows .
C	But we don'
A	Hey Zoe .
C	No .
B	But that took me so long to do this bloody start window . Nasty . So I'm quite glad that it looks , you know , ni nice on oneor this kind of thing .
C	Do they ? Yeah .
D	Oh yeah ? Okay .
D	Were you using like a GUI builder or just all from code ?
B	No , this is justyeah .
D	Okay , and that's
C	.
D	That's nasty 
C	Well the um the um speaker characterisation is finished .
D	Oh yeah ? Wow . Okay .
B	Alright .
C	I haven't done it , I haven't updated all those object files though 'cause it takes ages on these computers . So I do itit's faster for some bizarre reason if I log in at home and then run the code . It runs it much faster than if I do it here . But
A	It's good .
B	That's odd , yeah .
D	Hmm .
C	But that's why I just can'tto sit in the lab and wait half an hour or whatever it take
D	Well well can you can you connect to your home machine from here and then start it from there ?Jusyeah .I don't know .I've done stuff like that before , it's insane , it's insane . Yeah .Yeah .Yeah .
C	Yeah .No , I tried that , but lyeah .It'll really speed it up .Yeah .Yeah .
B	Try that a few times .Yeah , I started I started using your um um the speakI don't know if you've seen that in theyeah .
C	I saw that , yeah . I saw that it it doe it's tells tells you what speakers uh are in which meeting and then you can see which topics which topicsyeah , something like that , yeah .
B	Yeah yeah yeah . But it's good , your your stuff is really coo good . It's got a good interface and easy to use . It's nice .
C	Yeah . The um th the dialogue acts are all done , and they're quite amusing some of them . But there's some of themsome of th the thing actually what I wanted to talk about dialogue acts was um there are some that occur all the time that I justand I don't know how interesting there are . So the fir one statement is that it will b I'd removed it 'cause w it was like everything is prefixed by statement . Every single dialogue act starts with statement and umso everybody's topstatement . So it
D	Mm .
B	Right .
D	Right .
B	Well wouldn'twon't we include that then ? Yeah .
A	Who ?
C	So I got rid of that . And then everybodythe next one seems to mostly be back-channel . Well I don't know what that means . Who knows whatback-channel .
D	What was it ?
A	What ?
B	It's when they say mm , uh-huh , yeah .
C	Is that what that means ? Oh , keep that then . Um and then the others are quite
B	Yeah .
A	Okay .
B	I don't know if that's very useful , because everyone does it . It's very
D	Well , it's kinda boring , yeah . Exactly .
C	Yeah . Some people don't though . There are some people who don't do that . Actually yeah , you can see that they don't do that and it's the bottom of their list.Yeah .I know . Some people haveand acknowledgement is a big one that comes up all the time , yes no questions . Um uh what else comes up ?
B	Really ?
D	Hmm 
B	They're asleep , I think .
A	It's just very quiet .
D	Right .
B	So whichyou know , suggestmaybe you can suggest a few thatwhich which would be interesting to list . Like three or four or something .
C	Yeah . But that's the thing and so I wanted to know whether or not we'cause at the moment you can getthere's a method that will just give you the top five foror the top X_ . You give it any number and it will give you the top whatever for each person . And then each meeting knows about all the different dialogue acts for each person in the meeting , and the amount that that occurred , and will give you that in top order as well , or will give youor you can just search for each specific dialogue act . Do you have to search onin B_s and K_s rather thanreal words right at the moment . But I can change that . Um so I don't know what we want to display . That's what I mThat's what I'm asking you really .
B	Mm-hmm .
D	Oh yeah , cool .
B	Very nice .
B	Mm-hmm .
D	Okay , right . OrI don't know , if we have like uh a choice , so they can filter those out f the the top most common , just say okay allshow all or show , you know , only the im interesting ones .
C	All's a lot , all's like twenty five
D	Yeah .
B	But
C	Dialogue acts per b
B	I mean do we do we care if , you knowwhy not w I think , you know , it'd be it'd be difficult
D	Yeah . I don't know , yeah , it doesn't really matter . Well , if we just automatically filter these out .
B	But it would be difficult if , you know , if in the um speaker characterisation window we had a heading , you know , top five dialogue acts . And then then the little brackets , but they're not actually the top five , but top five minus the most common ones , which are , you know
C	Yeah . I think we should have the global top five thatcause iteach speaker's got topa top whatever , and so just say one of the boxes just explainsdoes this is my top five dialogue acts for the speaker , and then in the meeting you havewhat you could either have the most commonly occurring ones or you could have a list of each speaker's top dialogue acts .
D	They're boring ..
B	Because
B	For the speaker . Yeah .
C	Either of those would do you . But it would start take a lot of space if you have it
B	No , I wouldn'tyeah .
C	Or you could haveno , you don't need that . So you s 'cause it's 'cause it's a speaker window , the speaker characterisation window comes up . So you've got the global one there , and then here you can just have the top five in this meeting . And then then the top five in that meet in global , the top five this meeting , and then the rest is r obvious , isn't it . Yeah .
B	Exactly , yeah .
B	Yep . Yeah .
D	Mm .
B	Yeah yeah , yeah . Yeah .
D	Right .
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah , just do top five , both local and global , and then have another
B	Um but then we want a selection of three or four maybe interesting ones , and then
C	That occur .
C	But you th someoften the interesting ones don't occur , things like joke don't occur very often . Well they do sometimes , but they're not that common . One guy has top five joke . One of them is joke . He's an undergrad .That's quite funny .Yeah .Yeah , it's interesting , isn't it ? Yeah .He's the joker .
A	Oh .
B	You followed all this up .
D	Okay .Actually yeah .This is good for browsing though . It's perfect . I mean that's sorta exactly what you wanna do and look at these things . And soYeah , who's doing what .
A	Yeah .
B	Yeah , see , and that's what speaker characterisation gives you .
D	Exactly . It's fun .
C	Yeah .
A	It's like I'm only interested in this guy , 'cause he seems to be funny .Sowhat is it .
B	Who's the one who dr
C	Yeah , exactly .Yeah .That'd be quite good , wouldn't it ?
D	Right . Yeah . Let's take 'em to the next jokeYeah .
B	Yeah .
B	Yeah .Um so is is this percentage then umif you say like um joke for this speaker is percentage , I don't know , twenty , is that the ho what percentage of his speech is joke , or w howwhat percentage of the jokes
C	Yeah .
C	What percentage of the dialogue acts that he makes are jokes , in the meeting and globally separately , so once globally . Yeah .
B	Are jokes . Yeah . Yeah .
B	Okay .
C	Um I think most things are coded with a dialogue act . A lot of them are coded with Z_ , which means no label . So I just ignored that as well . 'Cause that's boring .
B	Yeah .
C	And statement , which is boring . And also the other thing that they have is um if somebody quotes something , so if I quote a joke to you they separate that . So they put they put the the dialogue act and then they put a doublea colon and they put that aside . Just ignored anyth any quoted material , 'cause it's got nothing to do withI just scrapped it . Yeah yeah yeah , somebody else's joke . So yeah , you have to be original about your material . Otherwise we don't credit it to you .
D	Hmm . Right , okay . Yeah . Well it's not a real joke anyways .
B	Yeah .
B	Yeah .Yeah , I mean just keep it simple as
D	.
D	Yeah .
C	Yeah . Yeah .
B	Um
D	Okay , that sounds realso that's sort of implemented now or is thator is it close ? Wow . Super . Okay . Like to test that .
C	Yeah , that's all done , yeah . All done , yeah .
C	Um yeah , I just have toI'll just finisthere might be some polishing . I can't remember . But I think it's pretty much complete done . So I'll do that tonight . Just put it up there . So you can us start using that whenever .
D	Mm . Actually
D	Yeah . And when I update my N_L_ , just uh recompile the M_ browsers and then just uh get that . Yeah . Well , so it'll use as my part as well , my umthe M_ search . It w actually do we have like naming convention for s our sorts files ? Just prefix 'em with an M_ andOr
B	You will , yeah .
B	Yeah .
B	Sounds good .
B	Yeah , I was thinking that um it sort of turned out that way a bit , didn't it ?
D	Yeah . Yeah . Well that's sorta what I was doing . ItLike for your stuff do you haveno .
C	No , I justwell it's called meeting and speaker . Well , I can judge it if you wan.
D	Oh okay , alright .
D	It doesn't really ma no , it doesn't matter at this point . No , I was just kinda curious . I'm thinking about future stuff maybe , if
B	I don't know . Does it matter ?
C	Yeah .
B	Oh , I was
C	We could put it in a sep in a p package .
D	Yeah , that's true too .
C	If you can be bothered .
D	Yeah , yeah , doesn't matter .
C	Well it doesn't seem to make any differ I've never ever used Java packages . Doesn't even make any difference.As long as in the same directory it works . So sod it .Right .
D	Yeah , exactly . 'Cause
D	Yeah .
B	Mm .
D	Okay .
B	I have one one m one little question that I reckon we should have a little icon for our browser .
C	Well then you can double-click on and itoh , oh .No .
B	Well no , the thing is um in , yeah , in the the top left . At the moment they've got an X_ , which is , you know , N_X_T_ and it's sort of a bit cheeky to use that .So
A	Like instead of th
D	Oh yeah . Yeah .
C	Yeah , it will have something else . Just borrow a little Microsoft GIF like that .
D	Hmm .
D	Mm yeah right .
B	No , we want something original .What do you suggest We couldthe only thing I could think of was an M_ . But
A	Oh .
D	Yeah , I know , yeah .Same here .
C	M_B_ .
A	We have the gbig yellow one maybe . NHuh ? Yeah .Yeah , that would be good . Ah no .
C	Where have I seen that before .
B	We'd be sued for that , I think .
D	Oh right .
D	Super-size meeting browser . Well , it's. I don't know 
C	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
D	Um
D	Just probably basicjust text font , and just something nice , something solid maybe . Be a good
B	Yeah um
C	Yeah , anything you like , yeah .
B	I mean it's tiny , so we can't really put more than one character really or one sort of simple GIF .
D	Yeah , exactly .
D	I know . Anybody have any um artistictalent ?No ? No ? Ok
B	No . Well , I can dr
C	Do you think we'd be doing uh M_S_C_s in Informatics if we did ?Some people do , yeah .Yeah .
A	Oh .
D	Yeah .Oh it's possib some people are balanced . Some people arNo , I know some balanced people .no . Maybe I'll check see if I can find anyone .Um
B	Yeah .
B	Well if you find anything , then send it to me .
D	Okay .
B	Otherwise I'll I'll make up some M_ .
D	How do you s add that to the to the Java programme ? Is it just basic littleOkay . Uh-huh , yeah .
B	I'm not sure actually . I'm thinking yeah .
C	That's really easy . You do it in um one of the w whatever the main is it you set w GIF or some Set f set set picture or something . It's really simple .
D	Oh .
B	Yeah , yeah yeah , I I knowyeah , I know how to how to put it there . But I'll have to import it somehow . I'm not quite sure . But
D	So just in the main frame . Okay . Okay , right .
D	Right , okay .
C	Yeah , I think you just give it a file-name and it tells itit knows
B	Yeah , yeah , probably .
D	Oh , so it'll do the automatic scrunching down if it's bigger ? Oh cool . Nice . Super .
C	Yeah , yeah , it just sticks it in the corner . Yeah , yeah . Yeah .
A	Yeah .
A	We have to remember to include that in our evaluation , how they did theGIFimprove your browsing experie
B	Yes .
D	They know it's a distincting di distinctive experience , I guess . Yeah .
C	Yeah .
A	Sorry .
B	Oh yes .
C	It could even have some sound when it comes on . It gowelcome to the meeting browser . No , that's problem .Have to do it in the
B	No .No u
D	Can we g
D	Can we get sound on these machines ? Yeah . I wishActually have you ever managedN oh yeah , you must have , yeah , gotplay any sort of music on the DICE machines ? Right , okay .
C	Notno , but I think if you put headphones in , it will just play just normally .
D	Oh right right They have them on the front too , I think . Yeah .
B	If
B	if the sound-card is registered to your name , which it usually is not , and you have to re-boot , and sometimes it still doesn't work , then yeah .
D	Mm . Okay , right .
C	Yeah . Yeah .
D	Right .
C	Sometimes it works , yeah .
A	I guess that's why we have a separate speech lab . Yeah Yeah , um
D	Damn .
C	Yeah .
D	Yes .Yeah . Get a lot of audio . No . Okay .Um okay , well this this looks good .
A	'Kay . Yeah . Yeah .
A	I ran in some troubles with the indexing , but uh ffound another package instead of writing it from um the scratch , 'cause itwell , I don't know um just now , but I haven't played around it that much . But
B	Um
D	.
A	We'll see what happens in the next few days .
D	Yeah .
D	Are we gonna be uh trying to get the output from that andI don't know , still haven't found out if it's um
D	feasible to open up more than onewell , as many mm NOM objects as we can for each meeting to dolike we were gonna needlike figure that the ranking did make sense , like to be looking through the highest ranked ones first . So if we are gonna look through only five of them , just pick the top five to to do the the search andSince that's probably what we're looking for anyways . So
A	Yeah we'll think about that .
B	Mm-hmm .
A	I can send you right now . Like
D	Yeah .
A	Um
C	I still can't make it run T_N_T_ from Java .Yeah , you try it . If you can make it work , then I'll bewell chuffed .
A	C_ .
D	Are you serious ? Maybe I'll try .Yeah ? Okay .SYeah , I'That'd be a surprise 'cause I'm bad at Java .Yes . Um
A	Yeah .
A	Yeah . I didn't expect this course to be so much about Java . But ufeels like it's it's a Java course more than anything else . It's just lik
D	Yeah , seriously .
B	.
C	It's a Java course .
B	Yeah .
D	Mm yeah . Practical Java .
B	In fact it's a N_X_T_ package .
A	Yeah .
D	Yeah .How do you guys find the documentation for N_X_T_ and
C	Course , yeah.
A	.
C	Right .
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah , okay , good . That's my belief as well .
B	I mean sometimes they have methods thatdon't have any explanation to them at all . So you just like right , I'll try this then and see what it gives me 
D	Yeah .
C	Yeah , I think it was
C	So what does . Yeah .And it uhit's was apparently generated by going to d generate JavaDoc and it just weSpat it all out and they never bothered to uh d comment anything .
D	Yeah . Yeah .
D	Yeah , exactly . Well it's still I guess research platform . Uh
C	Yeah . At least get to know what methods are there . So without having to look at the source codes . Yeah , yeah .
D	Yeah .
D	Yeah , that's true . Okay . I was just curious . Well
C	What?
B	Hmm .
C	Yes , that's it right here .
A	So
D	So c did we have a date for when we actually want the system done ?I thought I thought we said th I thought we ch yeah , I thought we change it to the tenth or something .Um 'cause the thing is I mean we can keep working on little things f you know and sh Oh , well we should do this or do this . Should weUm
B	Friday ?
C	Today , wasn't it ? It's the eighth .
A	We change it to Friday .Yeah .
B	I thought it was Friday .
C	Okay .
A	I guess that's not
D	so I don't know , do we want to set an actual hard deadline forlike didwhen exactly were we gonna start the evaluation ?
B	Yeah , I think we both should , yeah .
B	Well that's the problem , because Steve hasn't given us any details , has he ?
D	Mm 'kay . Well weyeah , I guess well we can still come up with like test cases or whatever for for the people and justyeah , come up with scenarios , that sort of thing . I mean that's that's fairly straight-forward . And could actually be fun . Yeah , exactly . That's true , just brain-storm , yeah . Yeah .
B	That's true .
B	I I'm sure we could do that in like a meeting
B	and make it up together . Yeah .
B	Um 
D	.
B	the thing isyeah , we had the the deadline last Friday , but we won't be able to do any evaluation during the weekend anyway , so I think we could set Monday .
A	Yeah .
A	No . So w
D	Yeah , that's true , yeah .
A	Yeah , that would be more reasonable . 'Cause the I_L_ is Friday .
D	Yeah .
D	Right .
B	And that would give us the whole weekend .
D	To work on it as well . Yeah .. No , I've I've got my D_N_L_G_ presentation on Monday I have to read the paper .Yeah .
A	What ? Oh yeah , you have your presentaRight , whatever .It's too much now .Well butyeah , Monday
D	Mm-hmm .
A	we'll try and do Monday . Um I mean we could
D	Yeah , I think so .
A	Should we meet up Monday ?
A	Or
D	We'll probably have to talk to Steve at some point as well I guess . But um
A	Should we
A	Yeah .
A	Just sh like w
D	I'll probably just have a regular Tuesday meeting with him . Like we can send him an email , but I don't know if he's around even . He's not around this week , is he orthat's whyI think that's why we didn't have the the meeting .
A	Yeah . Just
B	I don't know . I think it was .
C	Don't know . Maybe it's just a day , I don't know .
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah , 'kay .
A	Yeah .
C	Send him an email . He'll probably re-do it anyway . So
D	Yeah , it's true . Although do we really want the answer .S sSo if we don't ask we can push it off and
A	Okay .
A	Okay . Yeah .
B	Yeah . Exactly , yeah .At the end we'll say , yeah but you never gave us any test subjects .
A	Yeah .
D	Yeah .
C	Yeah w
A	Well so he's supposed to give us test subject . Did he say that or what ?
B	Well sort of , that's how I understood it . He would he would make something up . Ha yeah , find some people , that's how I understood it . Um the thing is , you know
C	He said he mighthe would try .
A	Okay .
D	Yeah .Yeah . Yeah , that's
C	Yeah .
A	'Cause we're gonnaget an email on our uh M_S_C_list saying from Steve , we need volunt yeah .
D	You're right , yeah .We're looking for volunteers .
B	Yes .Um I think if we if we don't get anything from him , then we should just do our friends basically .
D	Yeah .
A	Yeah .
D	Yeah , if they have time .It's hard finding people .
A	Well th they gonna u need us . They're gonna need us for like perceptionprojects andthings like that . So yeah .We need to use each other forth
C	Hmm .
B	Well they're your friends , so they shoul
D	Yeahyeah I know , but
D	Yeah . Yeah , that's true . Yeah , that's true . Yeah . Yeah .
B	But it's not gonna take long . It's only only gonna be half an hour maybe .
B	Um
D	Yeah . Actually some other friends of mine in different programmes mighmight be more willing . Have more of a break .So that might be an idea , get a range of types of people as well . Like not like highly computer lit like not , you know , Linux literate oryeah . I think that might be good , as well . Set a wider range of people .
A	Yeah , that's true .
B	Maybe , yeah . Well it will be . Yeah . It'll have to be , yeah .
B	Hmm .
B	So
C	So how many people do we uh try and'cause it
D	Uh no , I think like three or four maybe . Bet that would be a goodyeah , I think that d No , that's that's a lot . No . Yeah , exactly . Like the thinglike did an H_C_I_ course a while ago and it's justthat's what theseyeah , there's three people . Yeah . And that was fine . Then you can do a massive amount of analysis on three people . Yeah . Yeah . Oh yeah .SWe don't want to .
C	Yeah . Yeah , yeah .
B	Really ? I was thinking of like ten . Fifteen .
C	No , it'll take forever , and then you gotta analyse the results . No no no no no , forget it .
B	Uh
B	Really ?
B	Really ?
A	Yeah .
B	How can you get a range of people if you have three ?
C	Yeah , but one computer scientisonand one dude off the street
A	Yeah .Yeah . Yeah , yeah .And then one's supposed to be a woman .And one's supposed be a man . And one , I don't know .Oh yeah .
B	One art student .
D	Yeah , exactexactMm visible minoritiesyeah .Three or four . Oh God . Um but yeah , if he finds them , then that's cool . If he finds the people . M um
B	Yeah .
B	Yeah .And hen we should just have two .Yeah . Oh dear . Um
C	Yeah , one man , one woman , yeah .
A	Yeah , okay .
C	Yeah .
B	Another thing , um , we have the we have the um the presentation on likein one and a half weeks or something , whatever it is . Or nearly two weeks .
A	Should we justyeah .
D	Oh , writing up .
A	Yeah .
D	Looks brilliant .
A	Yeah , it's Tuesday the twenty second .
C	Two weeks . Two two two weeks today .
B	Oh is Tu yeah , it is two weeks then . Do we have to have done the evaluation by then ?
A	Yeah .
D	Okay .
C	Yeah .
A	I think so .
D	Um I thought the evaluation maybe for the report . So th and that's due on the twenty fifth . Twenty fifth isis it ? Iis it ? That's what I understood .
A	Well uh
C	When's the report hand-in ? Isoh right , is that th is that the Friday ?
A	What ? Oh , it's a Thursday . Yeah . So it's not thyeah .
B	It's the Thursday . No , the Thursday , I think . I think it's the Thursday .
C	The twenty fourth then .
D	I thought it said twen I thought he said twenty fifth . Even though it's Good Friday , I thoughokay . Yeah Oh yeah . Easter two dayyeah . No .Well it wasn't originally either . SUmYeah , okay . Okay . So that gives us two days to do the uevaluation .No evaluation I was gonna say . And report .
C	Yeah .
A	It's not a good Friday if if that'
B	Is that Good Friday already ?
C	Yeah yeah , that's Good Friday .
B	Wow .
A	It's not a good Friday if it's a deadline .
C	Yeah .
B	No .
B	Well itI'm sure on the web-site it says Thursday . Hmm .
A	No .
A	Can have a look .
A	The report , yeah .No , okay . Oh . No , we p
B	Well , you know , the the question is , i do we need the evaluation for the presentation .
D	I didn't think so necessarily . I wouldn't I wouldn't assume . But we should ask him .
B	We should definitely ask him . Because if not , then
A	I thought we would .
C	Mm . oh we should have itwe should try and have at it done by then anyway , I think . Otherwise it will start to getting b bit tight otherwise .
D	Yeah , that's probably c Like , it's a good target . It's a gooYeah .
A	Oh .
B	Yeah , you might be right .
C	We should aim to be finished by Monday , this Monday coming . A weeknoyeahwell , basically for Tuesday . Start the evaluation t pretty much straight-away and then get
D	Mm , right .
C	Get syeah , and then get um
B	Because we need to write a presentation as well .
C	We have to write the report , yeah , and everything . We have to write everything .
D	Yeah .
D	Actually it's fuNo . No , it'sit just funny that , you know , have it finish by Monday . 'Cause after Monday I'm pretty much free for about a week or so .It's likit's likif we had , you know , a bit more time . Yeah .
B	Exactly , me too . That's the point .
C	Yeah .
B	Yeah . Yeah . Well , I'm not free after this Monday , but I'm free at like after the eighteenth .
D	Okay .
D	Oh the next one , okay . See , I'myeah I'm free thisafter this Monday , and it'swell , why ? What else uhthat's that's easy compared tthe other stuff . I mean I'm not even worried about that . Yeah . Yeah , okay . Yeah , okay .
A	Yeah . Oh we havethree ?S_P_ two .
C	S_P_ two .
B	Becausbecause I don't have anything after the eighteenth apart from this .
A	Aren't you ?
A	Oh yeah .
C	And you must have your research proposal . Is that in on the eighteenth ? Shit .I've not done at all , yeah .
D	Oh .
B	Well that's in on the eighteenth . Mm-hmm .
D	You didn't know that ?Oh yeah .How's yours ?
A	Oh yeah .
D	Thank God .
B	Ooh .
B	So um
A	In our uh timeline we r put in twenty fifth and that's the Friday I think .
D	Okay . Maybe that was us then , not him .No actually I might have this stuff here .
A	Yeah .I'm justthat's why I'm trying to find his his dates . Whatever .
D	Schedule . Yeah , Thursday twenty fourth .
A	We're planning on having a big party on the twenty fourth . So
D	Deadline for submission of final report .
D	Oh . Well now you can . Yeah .
A	End of lectures .
B	So
D	So twenty fourth so itwe sh
B	Anyone fancy writing him an email ?
A	Oh , it's actually twenty fourth .
D	Yep . Um just to ask whether we need to have the evaluation done for the demonstration ? Or
B	That , yep . And
D	We should have it done anyways . But okay , yeah . Sure .
D	Hopefully , butyeah . Is is that is that a part of the demonstration , did they want that information , the evaluation as part ofyep .
B	But it's still important to know . So we would def
B	Yeah , yeah yeah . I mean we need to know that anyway to prepare the presentation in the first place .And um
D	Right .
B	What was the other one .
B	Basically , how is how is it going with your evaluation proposal .Have you got people yet for us , or what are you thinking , and when ?
A	Yeah .
D	Oh right .
A	Did he say anything about like h what he expects of the final report and stuff ? Like length or
B	No .
D	Um there are a f a few little things . Um just made some comments the last meeting . Just general , like how it all integrates , blah blah blah , all this kind of stuff . But yeah .
B	Do we knowdid he ever say how long it was supposed to be ?
A	Only
D	No . I'd expect somewhereten to fifteen pages .
B	Mm it's gonna be a lot .
A	I mean how long we'rethis
D	Although it's fifty percent of the mark I think , is it ? I think .
A	One , two
B	But we can write a lot . I mean I think we should we should write everything .
D	yeah .
D	Exactly . Well we have a bit of time to do the writing up .
A	Yeah . 'Cause thisI meaWe have interim report of seven pages , and that'swe can y yeah . We could p probably just expand that .
D	So that'll be good .
B	Seven pages ? Oh .
A	I mean 'cause itI mean a lot of it's gonna be the same thing .
D	Yeah . Just a fine-tuned or detailed andyeah .
B	True .
A	Yeah . And then I mean write about the evala evaluation and stuff . That's gonna be quite a few pages . But
D	More stuff .
B	Yeah , we can n
D	Yeah , that could beyeah , that could easily be five or six pages .
A	So I don't think
B	Yeah , should be good .
A	page is gonna be problem .
D	Okay .
A	But uh
B	So do you wanna write him an email then ? That'd be good .
D	Sure .
B	Um
B	And uh when I get home today , which will be before
B	um 
B	before half past six , I will make that file readable , writable , everything .
D	Oh yeah , sure . Yeah , no no big rush .
B	Uh-uh . Well I I wil
D	Although just to get it out of the way . SoI'll try and remember to do that to my own s
B	Well I will I will need your snippets of code or it'd be good if I had them by tomorrow evening .
D	Yeah .
D	Yeah .
D	Yep .
B	Oh , I was gonna ask um
B	at the moment your search window ,
B	how is it organised ?
D	Just basic um pretty much like the interimdo you wannado you have the interim stuff ? Just um sorta like Google type thing and just umOh .
B	But at the beginning , itwhen you haven't searched yet , is it is it justis it still divided into two and the bottom half is just just empty ? Okay .
D	Yeah . Yeah .
D	Then as these come up it'll justpop 'em in there .
B	And then if you , I don't know , double-click on one
D	It doesn't do anything yet . S like that's that's the other big part . I mean how to get that that communication between the two different kinds of windows .
B	Okay .
B	Yeah .
D	Because the thing is if we have different things in here , like transcripts versus summaries versus topics , um that was why it was sorta deciding to get the three panes in there instead of just the one . Um
B	Yeah yeah yeah .
B	Hmm .
D	Yeah , so so there's a couple of those little things as we Yeah , exactIt's beautiful . Yeah , m M_ makes more sense .
B	Well y y this this is the icon by the way .
C	Hmm .
B	Um , yeah , maybe you wanna do um left-handed umyeah , one left-click um highlights the the result in whatever you've got open .
D	Okay . Is that how it works in the other ones ? In like the other windowslike the variouslike um if we're in the topic . Or
B	Which other ones ?
B	Um yeah . Usually one left click , it's highlights itcross-highlights everything , I think . Yeah .
D	If you have like a particular w window that you want me to mimic its behaviour , then like just find it in the programme and just say , okay , just how this one does it . So if it's like the topic window or the whatever .
B	Mm well it's difficult , because
D	So then I can just sorta trace back and figure out what objects they are and bring 'em into here . So
B	Well you could look up
B	Mm no , that's difficult . Because itthe transcription window does cross-highlighting .
B	In a very awkward way , because it has to find the topic first . That was that was a pain .
D	Hmm .
D	Okay .
B	And um when you when you g um right-click on a topic , it pops open the list of meetings that contain that poppo topic . And um and that works when you when you left-double-click on a topicoh , on a meeting , sorry , then it loads it .
D	Okay .
B	So you could
B	you could take that for loading .
D	Right .
B	So if we have that umthe same on this one , at least that youif you double-left-lick , then it loads .
D	Okay .
A	Mm .
B	Mm .
D	So one left click just highlightsIs that?
B	Highlights umyeah . I mean a hi obviously highlights whatever you've clicked on here , but also highlights um
D	Oh just the item in
D	The transcript or whatever it is .
B	Actually it's difficult , because
D	The
A	Can I have it?
D	Ifeven if we could just
B	Because you n you don'tyou only ever have one meeting open and those results will be op Iwell I suppose if you have a if you have a local search , then it could cross-highlight .
A	Well , the one meeting .
D	Yeah . That should be possible .
B	Because you know , if you get back several different meetings here and you've only got one meeting open , then you can't cross out anything .
D	Right .
D	Oh yeah .
D	Although , yeah , this this will uhthis is actually different from how we print it up here . Like if we're doing a global search , then we are gonna do it like how we said before and pop up a list of the various meetings that found those terms . And then we'll either , you know , multi-select or , you know , choose the one we wanna actually do this wi I think multi-select would make the most sense . Well just um if there's like three of the top meetings , like like we said before , language , we're looking for the l word language and get the highest-rated ones . To actually look for the terms we're not loading it on a val of seventy six I mean or seventy five , whatever it is . Um so the r the results from that will , you know , narrow down what we're gonna use for the local search . Then we'll just do the local search on those ones that are chosen . And if we canyeah . So it it will be a bit different from from how that is right now when when we do the global search at least . Yep .
B	Okay .
B	What do you mean by multi-select ?
B	Mm-hmm . Oh , okay .
B	Oh , I see what you mean , yeah . Okay .
B	Well i i i in any case , if you left-click on on a result that is contained in the meeting that is currently open , then it should cross-highlight . If not , it can't . So
D	Yes , yes . Exactly , yep .
A	Um it should be fairly simple to just get the topics and the summaries fro using that text extractor thingy you wrote , Ray .
D	Okay .
C	Yeah , you have to start again . It'sjust do topics instead of seg yeah , you have to get the topics out instead of the segments . Uh yeah .
A	You just likeor
A	Yeah .
A	Excuse me . I just realised I haven't done that part yet .
D	Hmm .
B	Can you make
B	Is it d very difficult to make another another GUI , but only for a global search ?
D	Um so that we search two different
B	Just just take that away , the the local check-box . Because umhmm ?
D	Right . Yeah . That's actually fairly
A	To have for the start-up . Oh . To have for the start-up . Uh-huh .
B	Yeah , because in the start-up screen you can't have a
D	You know , local anyways , yeah . No , that's easy . Sure , yep . That's that's quite t straight-forward .
B	Yeah , would you make that ? That'd be really handy . Everything else can just stay the same , you know . In fact you can just leave everything as it is and just remove the check-box .
D	Yeah .
D	Mm-hmm .
B	Radio button .
D	Yeah .
C	Toyou're gonna be able to do a global search for topics ?
A	Yeah g uh that was li like yeah , if I'll make a just index
C	Is that what you mean , yeah ? Yeah . Okay . Yeah , yeah . Okay . Yeah , I didn't think you'd bother with that , but yeah , cool . I didn't think we're gonna bother with that . Buyeah . Yeah , it does , isn't it .Yeah .
D	Yeah . Exactly .
A	What ?
D	Well it it kinda makes sense . It would be kinda cool
A	Well I I mean II'm f it's not first priority maybe , but don't know . But uh
D	Actually , are we bothering with our topic stuff still ? Or is that sorta gonelike our own topic segment . Like since we can't do the labelling and all the rest . We are still doing our topic segment ? Well you are you are , I guess .
C	Yeah .
C	What ? With
C	Well we'll certainly do it enough to make it so we can do some numerical analysis on theYeah , but at at the very least .
D	Okay . But we're not gonna bewe won't be l doing a global search on the topics for our topics , since they don't have labels . Probably ?Okay .La labelall the label oneI'll open 'em .Yeah , all the label twos , yeah . I don't know . Okay .Mm .
B	Mm .
C	No .Exactly .Yeah .Uh yeah . No , we won't be doing that Well yeah , even if even if I happen to manage to make it decent keywords , I don't think we can expect you to also come up with the search thing for it as well . So
A	Yeah .
D	Yeah , okay . Yeah , okay . Well no , it will be kind of straight-forward . Like if you're creating if you're creating X_M_L_ files of this
C	Would , yeah . But if I collateyeah . Yeah , if I create X_M_L_ files , but if I m I'm not gonna do that . Um I did have a look at trying to create X_M_L_ files . It did look like a quite a a mission really . I suppose it's notit's it's as straightforward as writing in X_M_L_ files . But it's but it's organising the segment data though . It wouldjust looks so complicated to get it from
D	Yeah .
C	the umfrom a plain text file back into organise it by whowhich speaker speaks what and how n doing the segmentI think that was the stupidest way they could ever have organised the whole thing if you ask me . BuOrganise it by time not by speaker . But yeah .But
A	Yeah .
D	Hmm .
D	Hmm .
C	So I don't know really what we're gonna do about that .
B	Okay .
A	Yeah . Yeah . I guess we just
B	Are we done ?
A	see what Steve says about the re-evaluation and then like we'll keep in touch by email if we need
D	Yeah .
D	Yep .
D	Right .
A	anything . I guess we will see you on Thursday .
D	Mm .
A	And Monday .
D	Mm-hmm .
A	D_N_L_G_ .
C	Yeah , we don't . Do we need another meeting this week ?
D	Hmm . Probably not . I mean just get work done . I think that's what I've gotta do .
A	We can just email if we need other
C	Mm .
D	Yeah .
C	Mm .
B	Hmm .
A	I guess .
B	Okay .
A	Hooray .
A	Okay .
