B	Here we go again .
C	My mouse is not working anymore .He's uhwhen I put it in , is is going to beep beep beep .
B	Oh .
D	Oh .
B	Okay .
D	Oh , I got a nice little screen here over here .
D	I got like this big black border uh on every side .
A	Okay .
B	Mm , okay .
D	I'll I'll fix it . Yeah , whatever .
A	Everybody ready ?
B	Yeah , it's okay .
A	Welcome at the functional design meeting , again presented by Maarten .
A	Uh this is the agenda , the opening . Uh , we've got three presentations . And I'm gonna show you some of the new projects requirements that were sent to me . And we're gonna make a decision on the remote control functions . We have uh forty minutes .
D	Yes .
A	Oh , well this is thethe closing already . So uhwell we start off with the th the first presentation then .
A	Uh , I think um in uhwe have to do it in uh in right order . Maybe the
B	Okay .
D	I don't know what the right order is . So
B	No .
A	Well , it
C	Huh .
A	Oh that . It won'tdoesn'tMaybe we should start with the the technical functions .
C	Okay , how can I get this on the whiteboard ?
A	Yeah ?
A	Well it's you dumped the file in the uh in the sh in the project document folder . You've already done that ?
B	In project .
C	Okay , I've done that .
B	No can that open .
C	Yes .
A	Well let's close this one . We'll just uh open a new one .
B	Open it there .
A	Uh , well . Yes .
A	Uh-oh . New thing .
A	Oh yeah , uh I have to say something . Uh , due to some uh technical problems I haven't uh digitized the last uh the meeting minutes . But I'll uh make sure that uh happens next time .
D	Mm-hmm .
B	Okay .
B	About the get
A	And I'll get this one uh in digital uh form too .
C	'Kay , we're going to um
C	uh talk about working design . Um , the method of the remote control is uh electrical energy , it activates a chip uh in the remote . It's an electrical circuit
C	which compose uh messages in the form of uh uh infrared signals to control the television .
C	Mm , it's a nowadays very uh known , a known uh uh technology .
C	Um , the known technology can make a cost very low . Uh , it's a wild uha wide sale uh of uh remote controls in the world . And and the components are very uh very cheap . Um ,
C	Uh , diodes , uh bat batteries and uh uh LED lights , they're needed and they're uh everywhere available . Uh , again , it's a fair price . It's a common uh technology uh , like I told umUh , the circuit board , it's the most um important uh
C	um part of the remote control . Uh , we can use for that uh fibreglass with copper wires , it'sit is uh
C	can be made as fast as printing paper . It's uit's all very uh
A	Okay .
C	Yeah , they're making it uh all the time . Uh ,
A	Okay .
C	and it's not uh very specialised uh technology .
C	I haven't come to here , but
C	um I've got uh some uh images of uh remote controls . They were not uh very uh trendy or just uh
C	just a remote control like everyone knows . So I don't know uh why I should put it here .
C	U
A	Okay . But it's the technical side of the remote control .
C	Yes , but uh I uh haven't made it because uh of the time . Bu
A	Oh .
A	Okay . Well , we'll we'll have to skip that part then .
C	What ?
B	Okay .
A	But you don't think it's a problem um to design uh the technical part of the remote control ? It's gonna be easy ?
C	No .
C	Yes .
A	Okay .
B	But nothing restricted for user interface ?
A	Yeah . M
B	With technical
C	Um , no , it's uh it's just a part of uh a known technology , yeah .
B	I don't know .
A	Okay .
B	'Kay .
C	Remote control is nothing special nowadays .
A	R regardless of what type of functions we want to implement . Doesn't really matter .
B	Okay .
C	Um
B	But I kind of uh
C	I don't think so , because of theall the televisions uhthere are a fewmaybe a couple of televisions with the new functions , but is it useful to put them on a on a standard uh remote ?
A	Okay . Yeah ,okay .
B	Yes .
B	Uh
A	Okay .
A	Well , we'll see . We'll see later on .
B	Well , the technical functions . Um , well I don't know if you got the same uh pictures as I got , but uh I got these two , and I think they'rewe have to focus uh on uh the uh one hand the expert view or the novice user .
A	No .
C	No .
B	th I think it's it's very much uh depending on the user requirements , I don't s uh know who's doing t
A	Well , uh will there be some uh user requirements later on ?The ones II've uh received from the account manager . Yeah .
B	Yeah , but itI think that's very important to watch uh what kind of functions there we want to uh put in a remote control .
A	Well , we'll keep this in mind , and then discuss it later on .
B	Yeah , well y we can put functions in it when uhyeah , when we uh get the user requirements uh and we can update it .
A	Uh-huh .
A	Okay , but this real this uh big d uh distinction between this type of remote .we should we should choose one uhwe should not compromise but uh really choose for uh expert viewer or novice v Yeah ? Well , whatthat's what you wanttrying to say .
D	Yes , I agree . Yeah .
B	Well , yeah w if you want try a a a huge market , if you want to reach a huge market , uh like elderly people andwe have to choose for novice user . But I don't know . It's it's really um depending on how how how far the the the remote controls are already in n um in use .
A	Okay .
A	Okay .
A	Yeah , wellsome of theseUh , yeah .
A	Well , some of that willYeah , but i but it will be more clear when we come to the uh u uh some of the new requirements .
B	Yeah , probably , yeah .
D	Yes .
A	So
B	Uh well , there are l at least uh basic functions , uh like just th the channels uh one till nine , uh on and off switch , which must be clear with a red button or something like that . Um , most standard uh have volume , of course , and a mute function , and , of course , the next and previous channel . I think that's just basic what we need . And from that on we canuser requirements what we need more .
A	Mm-hmm .
B	Uh
B	Yeah , I just um um I thought Joost was looking at the trendythe trends in the markets , and I don't know if there uh are any umuh if you put more functions , more buttons , maybe it's com becoming less trendy or something like that .
D	Yes .
D	I haven't really found a conclusion like that .
B	M you can justyou can kyou can keep it in mind that . I don't know . Uh , I th I thought the thewith less buttons you can make a more trendier uhyeah , more trendier design , I think . I think .
D	Yeah .
D	Design .
D	Sounds interesting .
B	Yeah ?
B	Uh , well , that's all I have to say , I think .
A	Okay .
B	Yeah , that was it .
D	Alright .
A	Well , then the Marketing expert can uh tell us something about the current market .
D	Yes .
B	.
D	Yeah . It's alright . Um
D	Alright , I've done some research for functional requirements . Umyes .
D	The working method umthere were hundred uh uh w h one hundred people , uh
D	how do you say uh , f watched using remote controls in the usability lab and they also uh filled out a questionnaire uh with a few questions . Uh , I've lined them up here . Uh , ask whether um common remote control looks good or not , about willingness to spend money on remote control , about zapping behaviour , and uh and stuff like that . I uh have found some interesting things . We do we do got a market . Um ,three out of four people claim m uh to find remote controls ugly . So if we make a trendy design , we sure have seventy fi seventy five percent of the market , which you can reach .
D	Um , three out of four users uh zaps a lot , as I uh quoted here from the uh results .Zap buttons are used one hundred and sixty eight times per hour . That's quite a lot . Um ,
D	relevant options are , of course , power buttons . Although , only used once per hour . Uh , channel selection , volume and buttons for text , and the more um , yeah , other functions , like audio settings , video settings , sound settings are not said to be very important and uh very much used . Furthermore , fifty percent says
D	uh they only use ten percent of the buttons on a remote control . That doesn't say we gotwe can leave ninety percent off . But
D	it sure um says we shouldn't make it too uh complicated . Fifty percent also claims uh to have lost a remote control very often in the room . And uman important thing here , the most important customers uh , which is over seventy percent of our market , is in the age range of thirty six to sixty five years old . And uh elderly people , our market , are less interested in uh nice features , but more willingly to spend more money on remote controls .
D	So ,what I was thinkingoh , wrong side . We shouldn't implement too much features on uh on our remote control , because elderly people will get th lost . Group features for a higher usability , uh what I was claiming in the previous meeting . Um , all the settings , about audio settings , video settings and channel settings , which are not very often used ,
D	we could group them uh on one button
D	and make them accessible uh in one menu button or whatever , because they are used very rarely and well , it uhthere are a lot of options there , so we can really make uhyeah , how do you say ,
D	we can spare at buttons over there .And um , if you want to implement V_C_R_ and D_V_D_ options , group them in the button , not too uh
A	Okay .
D	Yeah .
D	Small buttons , so they won't be very um , how do you say
A	Visually presents .
D	Yes , won't be very present , thank you . And a trendy look , well uh , although seventy percent of the market is uhconsists of elderly people uh who don't really care for trendy looks or whatever , I guess it can do no harm to make it trendy for the other thirty percent .
D	That was kind of what I found .
A	Okay . Well , then weI'm gonna show you some of the new project requirements and then we gonna discuss on uh what features we find important . Uh , well some of the uh new requirementsmake some of your findings quite uh irrelevant , I think .
B	Okay .
D	Okay .
D	Yes .
A	Because um
A	uh s decided to putThey have decide to put two additional requirements forward .
A	Well , now I see four . That's kinda strange .
D	Two ?
A	Well , they say tele teletext becomes outdated since the popularity of the internet . Well , I think that may be so , but well , we can't just leave the teletext button off . It's impossible , I think . So the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button , you know , like on and off , and don't make a lot of specialput a lot of special features on it to make it transparent orYou know , it's just you want you want to be able to make use of teletext , but not to play with it that much . So we have to think of that . The remote control should only be used for television . Otherwise , the project becomes more complex , which endangers the time t t ma uh the time to market . So maybe we should leave all D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ related features off completely .
B	Well
D	No uh , I agree , I agree .
B	No way .
D	Not too much , no .
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
D	Okay .
A	I don't know . I think that uh
A	that's what they're trying to say . Uh , our current customers are within the age group of forty plus . New products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty . So you uh talked about the elderly who were willing to spend more on a remote control and who were interested . But , well , they're not relevant because we are aiming at a younger
D	Mm-hmm .
D	I don't really agree actually , to be honest . It's a very small market which we will approach then if we uh want to reach customers younger than forty . It's only like thirty percent of the total market . Mayb yeah ?
A	Yeah , but it isit's is a dif it's a fact that the th th that bigger market you're talking about , we already cover that . Our company already sells remote control to the older people , but we we also want ,you know , a new customer group . That's the one we haven't covered yet . So I think that's
A	what the problem is . We haven't got remote controls for uhWell I think , yeah .
D	Okay .
D	Maybe maybe we can compromise a little bit . Not too much then , bu alright .
A	Yeah , I think so . Maybe if it'sno no , but I think we have to just keep in mind what the older age group wants . So maybe we can
A	make a remote control that's primarily interesting for the younger group , but isn't that bad for an older person either . Uh , our corporate image sh should stay recognisable in our products . Our product's corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design . Okay ,something else nice to know .
D	Yes .
B	But what's our slogan ?
A	Sorry ? Yeah ,you will have to look that up .
B	The slogan uh
D	Yeah , I'll have a look .
D	We put the fashion in electronics .
A	I think it's something about theOh , okay .I thought it w might be , let's make things better or something , but
B	Puts fashion in electronics .
B	Sense simplicity .
D	Sense and simplicity .
A	Okay well ,let's go back to the
A	the agenda .
A	So we've now had tothe three presentations . We know about the new project requirements .
A	That means we can uh well d yeah , discuss on the remote control functions . Well , if I can uh make a start , I think it's becoming more clear what kind of remote control it's gonna be , and I already talked about themaybe you have a f familiar with the rem remote control that has the the can opener underneath it . I think we're we're looking for someYeah , we we're looking for a really simple remote control with only basic T_V_ functions . Y well , that
B	Yeah .
D	Well , to be honest , if um our uh aim group is uh till forty , not older than forty , maybe that's not very uhyeah , we don't really need to have a simple remote control . I think we can implement more functions then , because umbasically uh the younger people are more able to adapt to new technology and therefore will be a more
A	Yeah .
A	Yeah .
B	Yeah , but wha
A	Yeah , yeah . M yeah , that's why um well a lot of um the use the requirements the the account manager sent me , I think they are are c are contradicting each other , because they want a simpler design , and no uh other uh s functions than just T_V_ , but they s do aim at a youngerWell , ma
B	But
D	Yes .
B	Yeah , but you sai you said that that a lot of functions aren't used . So why should j we put this function in ? I think moreI think uh peopleyounger people are more looking for just a trendy look than uh more functions .
D	Yeah .
D	Well , I think
A	But I think uh youwe can make some discuss uh distinctions in uh what kin in the , know , th th in functions you have
A	Y 
A	Well you have different kind of uh equipment in your room , like a t T_V_ and a D_V_D_ player . You can uh , know , youyou canmake very d you can put very detailed functions regarding the T_V_ set on your remote control uh with the with uh the , you know , audio settings and uh v uh screen settings . We don't want that . I think that wasthat became clear . We don't want . But w maybe we should put some func uh , I know that the younger people will most likely have a D_V_D_ player they want to ,
D	Yes .
A	you know , they want to uh
D	Yeah , control .
B	Yeah , but uh you saidYeah , d yeah , but th the functions are not in the remote control we're making .
A	control , remotely .
A	No , yeah , th th the user requirements of the theThe new project requirements told us not toBut maybe w Yeah . I think we maybe should
B	It's n
B	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
A	Yeah , well we should uh put some functions for othermaybe for other equipment on it . But just the basic functions . Maybe like rewind and wind , or n what d what do you guys think ?
C	But you can put them under the same button .
D	Not much more than that .
A	Yeah , ifas far as possible .
D	Yep .
D	Or we can u u we could put 'em behind the flip-flap or whatever .
D	So t
A	But what do you think ? Do th should we implement features that uh uh or functions thatto control other devices ? No , you don't think so ? Yeah , the new requirements say so .
B	No .
B	No , new requirements say no .
B	So
C	But you can put a play and stop and and rewind .
A	Well , maybe it'smaybe there there there is something th m most of the time these functions don't support the particular device as well as their their own remote control . You know , a lot of D_V_D_ players have some tricky settings with
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah , but
C	Yes , but we
D	Y yes .
B	I i if it's too simple uh th they won't use the remote control , they use their own th thwith lot more functions .
A	Yep , exactly .
A	That's that's wha
D	But but for for example , V_C_R_ , that's better example in this case . I think on a remote control for television you don't need to be able to programme uh the V_C_R_ to start recording at three P_M_ or whatever , just play , stop , rewind and uh fast forward .
A	No no , you don'No no , you don't need it . No , no .
B	No , no . Exactly .
C	Huh .
A	Okay , but we have to think uhw we have to think D_V_D_ I th uh , I guess , so um but uh from my experience it's kindaa lot of D_V_D_ players , you know , like forwarding , goes differently . Uh , you get two speed or eight speed or sixteen speed . It's c sometimes a bit difficult . Maybe if we just leave the D_V_D_ functional m uhWell , I was thinking about putting it in , but concerning the project requirements and what you just said , I think we m should focus on the T_V_ then .
D	Yeah , I know , but uh
B	Mm , yeah .
D	Yes .
B	Yeah , but jus
B	keep it simple and look more at th
A	And uh and it's just an uh a complimentary remote and not a universal one . If you want to keep it simple , you can make a universal remote . Okay . It's just a s it it should be something that is like a gadget on your coffee table , and it's just for when you you you jump on the couch , you pick up the the the nice remote , the simple one , just to put on the television , nothing more .
B	No .
B	It's only for television . So
C	Yes , but there are there are
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah , nothing more . Exactly .
A	Okay .
D	Alright .
A	Um , but what televis
C	But how wi how will you be able to handle a whole market ? There are uh a dozen of uhdozens of of remote controls that have
A	Yeah , we we'll make w this one trendy .And simple . Well , we we will come to that , but ju first on the on the functions . So we should put uh zap buttons on it . Um , also numbers , to uh to go to the specific channels .
B	Yeah .The user interface is easy .
B	And the basicyeah , basic functions , yeah .
D	Yes , definitely , yeah .
A	Uh ,
B	It's too much integrated in the other .
A	Okay , a t a teletext button should be there . But just one big teletext button , on and off .
B	Yeah .
A	Probably .
D	Yeah , and maybe two or three other options , but notnothing more than that . I think stop function is very useful . If you have a uh a page which consists of more pages , and you are not a very quick reader ,
A	Oh , okay .
D	then I think it's very irritating if the next page shows up , but
A	Yeah , but uh I think that becomes too difficult , it's not a very common function and people will have to read up on their remote then .
D	Well , I use it very regularly , the action . I re I use itquite often .
A	Yeah , yeah , but maybe you s yeah yeah , maybe y you do , but I've never heard of it in the first place . And
B	Will you look
A	we have towell t yeah , and t and teletext is becoming outdated . We just want to see what programmes are on and what time it is probably . Yeah . I don't know . I think that that's kin getting too complex for our remote . I don't know what you th guys think .
B	Look at the market .
B	Well
D	Might be . Might be .
B	Yeah , Iuh , it&#39Sunday I always use it for the uh yeah , for the soccer uh
A	Yeah , but do you like to have asuch a s stop button ? Or do you think it uh
A	I think it's a kind of uh uh very rare and special function .
B	Well , uh when you uh uhwhen you look uhfor example um , a couple of weeks ago I looked at thefor the flights , and there are a lot of flights in one page , so if if th
A	Yeah .
A	Okay , it goesYeah , but that's kind of stuff we should do on the internet right now . That's whyit was uh said in the in the use in the r new requirements .
C	Yes , but you could put
B	Yeah , bu
C	on the z on the zap buttons you can put it to uh to uh access all the same pages . If you have seven pages , you can go up and down .
A	Well yeah uh , lots of new televisions can store pages , you know , and then you can just skip manually through them usingI think we should just put one teletext button on it . Then we meet uh the new requirements .
C	Yes .
B	True .
A	we also meet the other thin y you sh you just re we have to choose for the the simple design , I guess .
B	A simpleyeah .
A	Okay . Um , well , what functions do we have to decide on ?
A	Or do weuh I dunno if we have t stif specifically name all the functions we n we want .
A	We have the zap and uh the volume . Should we do m make them very big ? The the the zap button . D d
D	I think the plus and the minus button should be uh quite present , yep .
C	Yes .
A	Th that's that's that's considered to be trendy also .
B	But trendy , yeah . I don't know .
A	Or maybe you should place them on auh , in a special way ?
C	Maybe we can make uh a kind of a joystick .
A	Yeah , something or uhsomethin special way to to zap through theit has tos it has to byeah , and quick . You have to use it very quickly .
B	Original . It was uh
D	Yep .
D	If you grab the remote , your hands should be on top of the plus .
B	True .
A	Yeah , and itthe buttons should make it um possible to to zap through your channels in a rapidat a rapid pace .
D	Yes .
A	Oh , what should we decide on then ?
C	But
A	I think in a in a case of this simple remote control , the technical aspects which uh weren't worked out already , but it w shouldn't be a problem then .
B	Yeah .
C	No , it's o just signals uhand the television d uh does the rest .
A	Yep .
B	Maybe uh
A	No , okay , but we don't have touh , when we don't want to uh control other devices , I think it makes it even more simple .
C	No .
B	Uh maybe weuh uh the batteries maybe . If you use large batteries or small batter batteries .
C	The most standard batteries .
A	I think
A	I think that we should use uh d yeah , not not uh the b the watch kinth the most uhWell , it has to be simple , and I wi
D	I think double A_ .
B	Yeah ?
D	Yep .
B	Yeah .
D	The most ordinary uh batteries .
A	Which are most likely to be found somewhere in the house , you know .
B	Okay .
D	Yep .
A	Oh . How much time do we ha we have left uh ? M m m more than thirty minutes ? Uh ten twenty minutes .Well , uh these these shouldn't
D	I think about twenty minutes .
C	But i in a way we have to be uh uh special .
B	Early break .
A	Yeah . Yeah , okay . But that's that's
A	Do you uh have you have you think about tha thought about that ? How we canwhat the extra touch can be . Do you suggest design or the shape or some gadget f f kind of feature orWell , it was something about how we lose them . Maybe it should be a remote control when you you clap you hands it makes some noise or some gadget kind of thing .
C	Maybe th m
D	I think that's n that's more for a for an age range or uhten to twelve or whatever .
B	To find him . That's maybeyeah .
A	Yeah .
A	I don't know . I don't know . Nah , um a lot of people like to have such kind kind of kind of gay kind of things . It w it w should be like a birthday present or something that you give someone , and it is ihas something nice . Or maybe it w should have a big uh light that can flash or something on it , or maybe it shoulor anor the like the the can opener . Maybe it contains some feature that you don't normally link to a remote control . I think it's very impor because we're gonna make such a basic remote control , we have to do something to make it special . It's gonna cost twenty five Euros .
D	Yeah , yeah , that's good one , yep .
B	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
D	Ye I think the can opener i is a brilliant idea actually , because television and beer is not a rare combination .
A	Yeah , but thewell , it's already been done .
B	Yeah , but that'syeah .
A	Nah .Yeah , that's true . Butand I think it's gonna be uh very uhit has to be sturdy or something , so maybe with with bouncing pads so that you can just throw it on the floor or something .it has to be used something special , and you reallit has to , you know y not s people , when they buy it , they have to think , well this one lasts for a long time . We're really gonna use them . Not some thing you you throw away next week , you know .
D	Yes .
B	Yeah .
D	Yep .
D	No , that's true .
A	So maybe uh that's i I think that'swhen uh when we decide on these type of functions , know , basic functions , uh it's very important to find something like this . So there's a very important task for you . And maybe we can all think about it . Uh , also for you maybe , when t youit's very nice when you can be entra when you can be trendy , and and uh and al as in a frienduse friendly as well , you know . So big buttons , flashy design , and maybe some kind of gadget kind of thing .
B	Be original , yeah .
B	Mm-hmm . And use friendly , yeah .
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah .
B	Must brain-storm .
A	Uh-huh .
D	Yeah , a swapable front or whatever .
A	Yeah , or just different colours would be uhI don't know if people also wanna spend more money on fronts for their uh remote control . It could be beYeah , you never know , but
B	Well
C	For the remote control .
B	Why not ?
D	Yeah .
B	More money for us .
A	But itand I think we have to make it quite big .
B	Yeah .
B	Quite big . Yeah , you think ?
D	Yes , definitely , definitely .
A	Yeah ,people
C	That's to be uh a formed for your hand .
A	So , and and also because uh it is expensive . If you want it to be something , you know , it's ha doesn't have much functionswant to beyou don't want to get it l make it
D	Yes , itit it should be fbe visible nearly anywhere in the room . As I uh as I said during my presentation , fifty percent uh o
A	Mm-hmm .
A	And shou and should ni look nice when you put it on a table . I I think you m might wanna put it uyeah , that it it it it stands up . Yeah , you have to put it on itsSo it's like a vase or uh something you put on a table .no no ,put stuff inside it . But , it's like like a statue or somethin
B	A standard or something .
D	Yeah .
D	A face ? Or uh yeah , yeah . Yeah .
C	More like a joystick then .
D	Yeah , yeah , I see what you mean , yep .
B	It's like you have uh four phones . Something like that .
A	Yeah yeah , butyeah , but you also can put it somewhere near the window in
D	If you do that , but I don't know if that's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half Euros .I in in the base we could like make uh a button , and if you push it , the remote control itself s makes noise . That's probably stupid , but uh as I found here uh , fifty percent , was it fifty ? Uh fifty percent
A	That it's it's fashionable .
A	II don't
A	Oh , yeah .
C	But that's that's fun for the first time , and then the second
D	fifty percent often loses remote control .
A	Yeah , but but when yowhen it gets lost , how can you press the button to make it
D	No uh , of the base the the the the the the the thing you put it in .
A	Oh , okay .
B	On the television .
B	Oh , like this .
A	Uh , that's kind of nice .
D	If ana button in in that uh
C	Or you can
A	And then also you don't even need batteries , because you can make it uh chargeable .
B	A charchargeable . Yeah .
D	Yeah , you can ma make rechargeable one , yeah . Why not .
C	Yeah .
A	Yeah , that w yeah , butyeah , the pro No , well I think that it might be t p Well , nee but we don'tYeah . Maybe you , butwe don't know much about production cost , but when youyou can imagine that when you spend twenty five Euros on a remote control and it's a basic remote control , then the then the moneythere must be money to spend on that kind of st you know ,rechargeable units .
B	Why not .
C	With recharger .
D	It should only cost twelve and a half Euros , of course . Aye ?
A	Yeah , but we would d ma we'd do it in Taiwan anSo , it's not gonna be that expen
B	Production .
D	Yeah , okay .
B	It should be possible . I think it's a good idea .
A	Uh I I think it's a great idea .
D	Yeah .
A	S some kind of be I've never seen that before , and you make it uh um be uh , you see it with uh the mo the mouses nowadays .
B	To make a base or something ?
D	Yes . Yes , definitely . Yeah .
C	Yes , but is that handy ?
A	Well , Iwell it's really ch you can recharge it , so you ha never have the battery problem . That's one. And uh you can always find your remote control up
B	It's it's it's it's
C	But but remote controls remote controls nowadays can can last uh two years , three years , with with t two batteries .
B	it's not the purpose to be handy , it's
A	Uh , okay . Well , maybe yeah , you couldwhen that'swhen it's too costly , you could probably skip the recharger , but you willyou do need uh also anuh , also you would need a battery in the the base unit as well , you know . Does it makes it kinda
C	And then you
C	Yes . Or
D	Well y you you could connect that to two hundred to twenty volts , of course . I don't know .
B	Mm . Yeah , but that's notit's ugly , I think .
A	Yeah , yeah . Okay . Yeah .
A	Yeah , but then it's very easy to make it also a rechargeab I don't think that is gonna cost much to make it also a recharge function in it .
B	No .
D	On the other hand , if you don't do it , we can also make a nice bay . I mean , it looks trendy and stillstill put a bleep function in it , but um I think the bay is definitely uh
A	Yeah .
A	I think it's a good idea . And make it , you know , we we um
A	Well , we uhit'sit isn't a t a most uh costly uh remote control . We can save on the on the functions . We justput some simple button in , make it big and sturdy , nothing more , and just make s sure there's some noise that it can make , or probably some kind of cheap light thing around it or that it uh that it lights up , it's also nice . And if you put it away , I think it's uh w we have towe uhthat's uhit's not a easy market . We have to something special . And for twenty five Euros people want something remote c special from your mote control , and we can't deliver that in r with uh regards to the functions , because we aren't gonna put
D	Sure , why not . Yep .
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah .
B	True .
B	Yeah .
D	Definitely .
D	With eye candy , ear candy , whatever . Yeah , definitely .
A	Yeah . And then uh when make it , you know , nice looking shape and thiand then you also you got the stand-up thing .
A	Yeah . I think I think it's a good idea .
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah , it must be must be a gadget to have .
A	Yeah . Oh , if itlet'swell , we will see what's possible concerning the the costs , and if it's possible we'll do that . And we even try to save up on other stuff to make sure we can do such a thing . And the first thing wethe most likeable thing to to n to skip is then probably the recharge function or something . If that's too expensive , we won't do that . But it would be nice .
D	Definitely , yeah .
B	Yeah .
B	Yeah , we c
D	It would be nice , yes .
A	It's the idea . I know that batteries last long nowadays . And and what people just think about , well , I'll never have to buy any r batteries again , so y b because it's very annoying when your battery is empty . And you know then when you haven't batteries around , and probably for two weeks , your remI've experienced that that
D	Most televisions break down before the battery pack is empty , soyes .
A	Yeah , okay .
A	So , easy functions . Well , we will we willI think we'll work that out , zapping , numbers on it , bi
B	Or just give a beep when the battery's out or uh down .
D	Yeah , why not .
A	Yeah . But it's also annoying .'cause as long as it staysas it ke keeps working , you're not very motivated to do something about it . Then it beeps all the time and. You don't want to haveever have those problems , and you won't have if if you have the rechargeable. And you don't have to use the unit , you can also put it on the side if people don't like it . Uh , i i in the in the ma Yeah , but it w I mean , if if they pay for it because they think , oh , that's a great idea , I'm gonna use it . And when it , you know , when time goes by and they think , well , I'll never put him in the recharger , I think last long enough , then they put it on side and they can use it now and then . Then when they lookget m I I I know for sure that everybody who buys this remote control , within a couple of months ofthey will be in the situation that they they're seeking for the remote control , they wanna see something quick and uh just push the button and th uh , I think it's brilliant . Yeah , I've neverit's so simple , but I've never seen it .
D	Hmm .
B	Yeah .
B	true .
D	No , that's true .
D	Why not .
C	But you pay for it .
B	Yeah .
D	Bleep bleep bleep , oh there it is , yeah . Yeah .
B	Yeah .
D	No . Nearly .
B	And you can leave it just there .
A	M maybe we should reallydo this Okay now , well , how much time have we got left ? These clocks aren't uh synched . Oh , now I've put uhwell ,it is twenty p Okay , so we have ten minutes or something ?
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
B	Yes .
B	Yeah , I'll
D	Something like that , yeah .
A	Yeah , but we're uh we're done . I think .
B	Uh fifteen minutes .
A	We've decided on the functions . Well , there is someoh .
A	There is a closing sheet .
A	We have lunch break , and then we have thirty minutes of individual work .
D	Oh .
A	Ohokay , I'll make sureI'llI had some problems with uh the digitising the the first minutes , the the s the next minutes won't be a problem , but I'll try to make sure the first one will be in the folder too , but maybe it won't work , but you'll see . I think these are more important than the first ones , so
D	We'll see .
B	Can you make an uh uh
B	a part of f folder for the minutes maybe ? That not not everything in one one uh folder .
A	.
D	Maarten , five minutes .
A	Oh , five minutes . Yeah , because uh I I d I did uhthe first minutes I did were were were a bit scratchy , you know . Then I did a s second one with a nicer layout , which I could uh , know , use for the other oneswell , but uh I d think uh I forgot to doput done under the first one , and when you go write a second uh it's getit's not workingwhen you try to write second uh paper or something . And then yyou had to overwrite it or someth I don't know . Becau I d uh , it was not my uh pen .
B	Yeah .
B	Maybe .
D	No , that's true uh , yeah .
D	Should we by the way draw um
A	this kind of looks you like .
D	on our nice whiteboard , um a little uh idea ofyeah .
A	Of the shape .
B	Or the sh
A	Yeah , probably , it would be nice .
D	I dunno . Has anyone got uma little bit detailed ideas about the shape ? I don't , for one .
B	Do you get an idea of the shape ?
C	Maybe like this pen .
D	A bit bigger I guess , bu
A	No , bigger .
B	A little bit bigger , yeah but
D	The shape is nice , it's um
D	something different , and we want we want that . Yeah .
C	It has to feel nice in your hand .
A	Well , I II have to say , I have this uh can opening remote control in my head most of all , or I think somemaybe we shouldno , that will be too costly . We shou we could also , that was awould also be an idea , but I don't think itI don't know if it exists already , you should like make Alessi or something design it .
B	Oh , uh lookuh look at the pictures .
D	Okay , yeah .
A	That would also be nice .
A	But that's gonnathen you c then you don't
D	Yeah , buttwelve and a half Euros ? U
A	Yeah , but then you don't have t yeah itthat's not something i that's in the production cosa oneit's a one time , you knows wasit's a single cost . Yeah , m but but then you cannah , I don't thin I think that it would be more expensive , because I've bought the Alessi stuff more often and even small pencil holders or something are more expensive .
D	Yeah .
D	Yeah , that's true .
A	Would be a nice idea though .
A	I don't know . I think it uh has to be a rit has to have round forms or something .
A	Like something like that or so or so
D	Something like that is very ergonomic .
A	And on th and then uh s a base unit underneath it . It's also round .
D	So
A	Put it in there uhwire on it .
D	Yeah .
A	Maybe uh , I don't know , some some lights , a big but well .
B	Yeah , flash lights at the side . At the side , or something like that .
A	Volume and programme , yeah .
D	Yes , volume and programme should be there I guess , because you hands wi uh y your hands will be in the smaller part .
A	And some of the extra funct
A	Some of the extra functions over here . Numbers .
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah , and the numbers on top , I guess .
B	Yeah .
A	And and lights ? How we're g well , maybe uh s a ring ofno , no , you have tMaybe on the side of it .
D	Maybe ro roun rounds uh uh l sorry .
B	Yeah , side of it . Just two LEDs or something on the side . Yeah .
A	Along the side uh strip ofyeah .
D	Maybe lights also around the volume and the p the plus minus programme buttons 
A	Yeah , but I also meant the the blinking li w you know , the ones that also blink when you try to uh uh locate your remote .
D	Oh .
D	Okay .
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah .
A	Well , theys have to be
B	Well , uh probably at the side .
B	You know look at the front , but
A	Yeah . Yeah , yeah . Exactly . When you you see it from the side , then it would look justlike that .
B	Yeah , exactly , and then there isyeah .
A	And then you have
A	a strip of uh lights or something .
B	Yeah , something like that , yeah .
D	Okay , yeah .
A	Well , uh I think it's nice , for one thing .maybe put something on top of itor , you know , like that'slooks funny . I don't know .
B	No .No .
A	Or some bump . Maybe someYeah ?
D	I think I think that'll be too big tha too big then .
B	Bumper or something .
A	We'll have to think about it . I think we're we're done .
D	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
D	Yes , we are .
A	We can save this one .
D	Alright . Yes , I guess it's lunch time .
B	Lunch break .
B	Okay then .
A	Mm mm .
D	I don't know .
D	Half and hour ? I thought our next uh next individual round was half an hour .
B	Okay , fiveuh
A	Yeah , that was what uh
D	I don't know about the lunch break .
A	Mm , we'll hear about it .
D	Well
B	Oh.
B	.
