A	Okay , welcome to the detailed design meeting .
A	Again , I'm gonna take minutes . Oh , we're gonna have a prototype presentation first . Uh , who's gonna give the prototype presentation ? You two guys ? Okay . Go ahead .
C	Yes .
B	.
D	.
B	coffee .
C	'Kay , we've made a prototype . Um , we've got uh
C	uh our aspects from the last meeting . Uh , especially we looked at the form , material and the colour . Um , we've uh drawn here the p prototype . The logo is uh
C	is uh
C	is pretty uhobvious to see on the on the remote control , but
C	it is necessary when you want to build your uh company f to a level higher .
C	Um ,
C	our interface elements , there are shown in the in the drawing . Maybe you can uh point them uh
B	Uh , well the uhall the functions are discussed uhI think the most of the functions are uh uh obvious . Uh , it's a little bit . Uh , power button .
C	The functions .
B	Uh then the the the nine uh channels .
B	Uh the volume uh
B	uh at the side , and the other side is the programmes . And then we had uh just uh two buttons , we place them in the middle , uh the menu , and for the teletexI thought that was th
A	Oh no , the the the mute button misses now . Do y do youdid we want to have a m mute button ?
D	Alright , I
B	Oh , the mute button .
D	Yeah .
C	But uh thatIt's uh here then , in the middle .
B	Yeah .
A	Huh .
D	Alright , and uh you gotta point out which is the volume um uh button and which is the programme button .
C	Yes , um
C	we've disc
B	Well , yeah mo uh mo Yeah , well most of them are right-handed .
D	Yeah , but you you gotta make it clear on theon
C	Most of the users
C	Yes , y there there will be a p a little a little P_ on that and a little uhyeah .
B	Yeah well , I don't have time in uh anymore on the
D	Yeah , and a and a triangle on that .
B	Oh yeah , just progr programme above , I think .
D	Yes . Next to that I kinda miss a zero actually .
A	Wait , there'swas one thing I wanted to ask . Uh , there are different ways for remote controls to uhdo uh like
A	uh d I call it teens and twenties . Uh , y th th th the two numbers .
C	Yes .
D	All n no , that's umkinda dependent on the television .
B	Yeah , true , yeah .
C	It's a television . Yes .
B	Uh
A	Yeah , but do we havedo we need extra buttons ,for example some uh some have to
D	I think
B	Uh I think so .
C	Yes , yes , you have you have a lot of standard buttons that has to be uh on it , uh th with the one and a double uh uhyes .
D	Yeah , I think you should ad
B	Zero ?
D	A cross , or whatever . Yeah , line .
B	May maybe here ?
A	Yeah , but you don't you don't actually need them , becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first , then you have a couple of secondsNo , I don't think so .
B	Yeah .
B	And then a second .
D	No , that's dependent on the television .
C	Yes , you have televisions , then you have to , you know , you have to uh press
D	I do know so .
B	Is it depending on television ?
A	Nah , I don't think so really , because you have aI know some remote controls that don't have these buttons , but you still can , know , obviously you can still select the twentyuh a number in the twenty or in the ten .
D	Yeah .
C	Yes , but but a lotuh
D	Yes , but uh uh no uh remote control nowadays are uthey come with the television . Or actually , the other way around . Bu
A	No , I thinkuh I really think it's n because you canwhen when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash , it's the same thing as when you just push the one , because it i it first gives you the functionality of that that uh separate button you also had to uh apply .
D	Yeah .
C	Yes , but
D	Yeah , wellbut suIf
C	some televisions don't accept uh that that
A	Yeah , because that's i it's for television . It's exact the same thing .
C	No , no , but s
D	No no no . So some television respond differently . Look , if uh i i
A	No , listen listen . When you push the button , the remote control gives a signal . I in th in the first place it gives a signal which it would also send when you put a separate button on it . The one with dash , that signal gi and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one .
D	Yes .
D	Yes , that's true .
B	Yeah .
B	True .
D	No
A	I think it works that way , really .
D	No , it it it works uh if you haven't got uh a special button for it , uh if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a a line , which is an empty space .
A	Yeah , but it's exact the samethat w would appear when you put a separate buttonpush a separate button .
C	Yes , but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button , uh then you go to a a next level , you can push two buttons .
A	Yeah , but you don't underst uh you don't understand my point . I think it's exact the same thing when y
D	Yep .True .
C	You want
C	Yes , but some television don't support it .
A	No , but then they would a would also support that button , because it's the same thing . Listen , withthat that's that special but buttonyou're talking about , eh ? That's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv T_V_ that they have to put a one inon your screen and a dash , which you can pu so you can uh still put another number on it . When you don't have that separate button , and you push y one , it's exactly the same thing . Do y youthe remote control gives that same signal as it would give when you only had
B	But the ex
D	No , s some some televisions need the input first uh and and you c
C	No , a remote can
A	Yeah .
C	Yes , so they needno , they need
A	But you give the input . You push the one . That's the same thing as the button with the one and ityes it it is . Think about it .
D	No , that's not true . It's simply not true . It's simply not true . Uh
B	Yeah . You uh you can wai when you push the one you can show on the telly a one and just a dash , and then wait uh two uh seconds or something
C	No , but uh
A	And it's the same thing what happens and a g remote control gives another signal after five seconds that is just one .
D	No , remote control doesn't give signal after five seconds . Remote control is a stupid thing . If you push a button , it sends it immediately to to the television .
A	Yeah , that's true . Yeah , but I m uh but it'sI I know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons , it still works . But okay , we we'll impl
C	Yeah , it
D	No , definitely not . Definitely not .
B	We'll discuss them in the usability lab .
A	No , we'll apply them then for now .
B	Uh eva evaluation . I don't know uh I don't know if if it's it's necessary .
A	Yeah , app just apply them next to the zero , the one and the two . Yeah , I think so . Yeah , for now , if we don't know for sure whethe
B	Yeah ?
B	Okay .
C	And the button for the SCART uh audio video uh external input .
D	Yes .
B	Ach .
A	Yeah butokay .What I said about uh the remote control sending another signal , that that might not be true , but I still think i it itall T_V_s in some ways support it , I don't know . I think it's more c is m maybe we don'tuh we both don't really understand how it i how it really works , but I think there's more to in than wha than what you just said .
D	Uh , you can access that uh via zero , and then minus , I guess . Yeah .
B	Yeah .
C	No , no .
C	Uh , remote control sends one signal at one button uh press .
A	I do think that uh m T_V_s support mur multiple kind of remote controls . M
C	Uh , some
C	N some televisions when when you want to go further than uh ten
A	Th won't work wi with uhto have that special button .
C	No , you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals . When you uh press one button , you give one signal . And the older televisions need more signals to go a level higher .
C	But
D	Yep .
A	Okay , well we'll see .
C	When you make the technology that that it will uh give more signals ,
C	it could work , but
C	Just a basic idea of of of the most uhmost y
C	most common uh and simple uh operations on the remote .
D	Okay . I kinda miss the docking station .
B	Yeah .
C	Yes . It's here on th
B	Well ityeah , uh there's nothingI think it's pretty basic , the thethere's no fu there's one there's one button , that's wha there's there's there's one function and that's n the one button when you want to find it .
C	We came uh
C	Yes .
D	No nothing really trendy about it .
C	But maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell , because RealReal Reaction sells more products than only remote controls . So maybe we can uh use the docking station , for example , uh M_P_ three players or or uh
D	The button .
D	Yep .
C	uh hearing devices .
D	I think that's very difficult , because of different shapes of uh uh devices .
C	Yes , but when you put that same volt voltages on it , you can put uhwhen the when the when uh o the the the lowest part of it , when it's o the same as the other products , you can put it all on the same uh
D	Yeah , of course .
D	Mm-hmm .
D	Well it it got itit has got to fit into the shape , of course .
C	Yes , but we can make
D	The technology and the voltage can be the same . That's uh that's true . But uh i if you all make the m having a bottom like this , then they all fit .
C	No , we can make uh make the most lowest part all the same .
D	Yeah , that's true , but uh
C	When when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it .
D	Yes , but uh I I g
C	Just have to be big enough for the biggest
D	Shouldn't it fall then ? Itisn't going to fall down ?That's a bit uhyeah , I think
C	No , when you make it large enough no it it will not . But then it's a little bit
D	No , but if iflike this , I'll I'll point it out , if you got uh a a a base a base like this , I won't draw it really . If you got a base which is uh as big as this
C	But it's just an idea .
C	But it's flat it's flat as as this , so we can p make all the products as flat as this .
B	You can .
D	Yeah sure , but if you got if you got a tiny player , it ca
B	But i i i it's backwards .
C	Yes , but when you make uh uh a bit of bi
B	But it's it's backwards . It's leaning . It's leaning backwards , I think , in the in the docking station .
D	Yeah . Uh , wha what you could do if you uhfrom the bottomoh , right , help . Uh , you could make like a hole in it , you know , of uhin in the
B	That's text .
A	But
C	Yes , little holerlittlerUh , little products go deeper in it .
D	Yeah . That i that is possible , yep .
A	Well let's ha let's talk about the docking station later , because uh maybe we have we have to uh consider the docking station anyway , because we have some uh cost issuesstill to come . But we have to look n I don't know .
D	Yeah , sure , you're right .
C	Yes . And uh uh
D	Oh .
C	the f the look and feel would be great on this uh remote control , because uh you always uh will uh pick up the remote control in the in the smallest uh area . Then your uh left thumb of uhyour right thumb is uh near the programme uh button ,
D	I don't like the colours .
D	Mm-hmm .
A	Yeah .
C	which is the most common used uh function , and all the other buttons are available for your uh thumb .
C	So it's it's it's really good design .
A	Okay .
D	Yeah . Alright .
A	Yes . That's it ?
C	Yes , uh on the side uh there will be a strip of rubber , and in the middle uh there is uh a hard uh a hard material , a bit hard plastic with a light uh behind it .
D	The light .
D	Okay . And other lights ?
A	I think added lights are gonna be a problem too .
C	Yes , we can make also n neon lights on it , or or the buttons that can make uh light on it .
D	No , o on the on the front .
D	Yeah , okay . Maybe the uh the logo .
C	Yes .
B	lights ?
C	But , it will also uh uh use batteries , and do we want to
D	Yeah , why not ?
D	Of course .
A	Okay . For now , uh this is uh is good enough .
B	Mm .
D	Okay .
A	Yeah , what was uh on the
C	Theall the aspects of the interface buttons were uh
A	Okay , but in theoh yeah , the colour , because we're gonna use uh one colour for the the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber , isn't it ? Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons . And they're be they'll be in the same colour as the rubber on the side . Okay . And I think we should use a a darker colour for the um plastic , and maybe some more m brighter and flashy stuff
C	Yes .
C	Yes .
B	Yeah .
D	Uh , in the same colour as the side .
B	Yeah . Yeah . Yeah .
D	Yeah , I think I think that'll be good .
C	Yes , maybe we can use on the on the lights on the side we can use uh uh multiple uh lights , so it will uh
D	Yes .
A	Yeah , we'll talk about the lights later . 'Cause I also don yeah , it's depends on the costs and such . But uh , and we have to agree uh upon the exact colours , but may I dunno if that's important , but we'll talk about that later . Okay , for now this is this is okay . Um , the next p y you gonna give a presentation too ? Uh , I have to see the agenda .
C	Yes .
D	Yep .
D	Yeah .
D	We will .
D	Well , uh yeah , I I'm gonna do something right there , yeah .
C	No .
A	Detail design .
D	We gotta do that on the righthe mostright-most screen , because the leftmost
A	Evaluation criteria .
D	Yep , that's me .
A	Okay .
B	Okay .
D	Alright . I will be needing that image , so leave it please . Um
D	Go away .
D	Right , we're gonna evaluate that design according to a few points .Um , we g the four of us are going to do that um together . I wanna have a colour over here , come on . Right , the remoteis not ugly , a bit weird sentence , but
D	the positive things has to be on the left , so Isaid not ugly instead of ugly . Uh , what would you say , we we gotta give points to uh to all of these to evaluate uh that design , and please forget the drawing skills of these guys .The remote control is not ugly . How do you feel ?
A	Okay .
A	Yeah , I think four maybe would be appropriate , because it's
A	Yeah , maybe it really depends on taste . Uh , I mean it's kind of, our design . It'sso if maybe a lot of people find it really ugly , you know , o other people find it really cool . I don't know or uh I don't know how you
D	Yes .
C	Yeah .
D	Background colour .
D	How do you guys feel ?
C	I think I think the the fronts will give it a more uh uh uh less uglier uh side , because you can uh make it in your ownyes , you can make it in your own uh
A	Casting . Yeah .
D	The different designs . Yes .
B	Yeah .
D	Okay .
C	more to your own personality or or house style .
A	Yeah , but we d we didn'twe're we're not planning to use fronts , I believe . With a colour a co a colours . Oh , okay .
D	No , not not fronts , but different designs .
B	No , not fronts . Different designs . Different colours maybe , yeah .
C	Yes .
D	And that's still uh uh , yeah , is is uh is a little personal touch , I guess . What ?
A	Okay , but
A	Oh , maybe we should do three or something that w you know , our
D	Yeah , wha wha what would you uh guys uh think ? Personally .
C	Or forty .
A	Yeah .
B	We can make it a one .
D	Personally .
D	Yes , but what is it ?
C	I think two or three .
B	Mm yeah .
D	Guido ?
B	I agree .
D	Two or three .
B	Um , I uh I go for the positive . So I go for two .
D	I was
D	I was thinking about three , so I guess
A	Uh , I was thinking about four , so I think three is uh
D	three is uh a bit uhoh , what am I doing ? I'll mark it . The remote control's uh uh that n makes uh zapping easy .
B	Okay , three .
B	Yeah .
A	Yeah well , let thatlet's make that a one .
C	Yes .
B	Two .
D	Yeah ? Antek , you agree ?
B	One . One . Okay yeah , I'll I'll agree .
C	Yes .
C	Yes .
D	Yeah . You're not Antek .
A	That's one thing for sure .
B	I'm the I'm the usability , s
D	I totally agree . The remote control the remote control's relevant buttons are prominently visible .
C	Yes .
B	Yeah .
A	Yeah , two or a one , I guess . It's something we really put work into .
B	The
D	Yeah , Iyeah . I would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant .And ouroh yeah , it's a b yeah . Yeah ? Alright . That's a one ? You agree ?
C	It's all about the buttons .
A	Yeah .
D	The remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons . I think we totally succeeded there . Oh
A	But
B	Well
A	Well maybe a two , because of the menu button or something . And telete
B	Yeah , well menuYeah , maybe .
D	Yeah , that's true . That's true .
C	Also , the the the buttons of the one , the two , the the digits , o they're used uh uh
A	Yeah , we don't know if theuh they're necessary .
D	the theyeah , m well , you d you've got a point .
A	I think a two .
B	Yeah , true . Yeah , I agree .
C	Canyes , three , two .
A	Came a long way , but notwe didn't not uh
D	Two or three ?
B	Mm two .
D	Two ? Antek .
C	But you can't make a remote control without them , because
B	Because we got
D	Nay that that that's true , that's true . They're definitely needed . So
A	No , w w it can also always be more simplistic , but two isyeah .
D	we put it on a two ?
C	Yes .
D	The remote control has got a really trendy look .
C	Yes . A one .
D	Maarten .
A	Yeah , uh a t I think a two . Yeah yeah , y i it's hard to say from this picture .
B	Well .
D	Yeah .
C	Wewe've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever .
B	Yeah .
D	Ever , yeah . Guido .
A	But I do think it's more
B	Uh , I will I will make it a three , because uhyeah . I I th
A	But I do think that it's more trendy than beautiful .
D	Yeah , uh I agree . I agree .
C	Yes .
A	So so I think maybe it has to score higher uh on this than on the
B	Yeah . True , yeah .
D	I was planning to give it a two , uh where I give the not ugly uhoh , yeah , that's true . You agree on the two ?
A	A th a three .
B	Yeah .
C	Yes .
A	I i uh when you compare to the
D	Great . Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons .
A	Uh uh what's the difference wit
D	Uh , I copied that one .
D	Well , uh forget that . Um
A	Okay .
D	Go away . Remote control has got innovative technology implanted .
B	No . We're notwell , maybe the the theon the side .
C	No .
A	No .
C	No , not L_C_D_ , so .
A	Yeah , but we uyou mean the rubber stuff ? Yeah , but we have t we have to talk about the lights uh . And I don't u also it's also really not innovative , it's more
D	Yeah , and the light .
B	And the light maybe .
C	But that that's not innovative . Lights lights are
B	But
D	Well , I g
D	It's notseven ?
A	No , six . Or seven maybe ,yeah . Or six .
B	Well , six .
B	No , six .
C	Six .
D	Why uh why not a seven ?
B	Six .
A	Yeah , mine is seven .
C	Because we've tried to make it a little bit innovative , but it but it
B	Yeah .
D	How ?
A	Uh it's uh depends on the on the maybe
C	With the lights itit's it's kind of future
A	No , I think I think actually it's a seven maybe , but there's nothing innovative about it .
D	Yeah , you think the lights are innovative ?
D	Well , it's n true . Uh , I agree , m but
C	But still you can retrieve it when it's when it's gone , with thewith
B	Innovative in generally or just f original for
D	I'll
D	Yeah , you you didn't draw the docking station .
C	Yes .The docking station is a is a little bit innovative . It's a part of the remote .And with the speaker on thethere's also a speaker .
A	N no no , t.
D	Yeah , it it'sI think I think with its
B	A docking station is innova
A	Yeah , I mean the dock station , but but uh , I think the the docking station ,it's gonna be akind of a problem . But
D	I think more m
B	Okay 
D	Uh thatthat's n
A	Well , let's leave it open for uh for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway . Well I iyeah . No ?
C	Okay .
D	No uh , well , the agenda says evaluate now , so I think we
A	Okay , for now it's a six or a seven uh , sev six maybe , because
D	It's it's a six .
B	Six .
C	But the retrieval or the
D	That m f Yeah , for the retrieval function .
A	Yeah , but I don't I don't know if it's veryinno yeah .
D	Yeah . I think that's very innovative for a remote control .
C	Yes ,how would you innovate a remote control more ?
A	Yeah , v
A	Yeah , more through uh like function T_V_ functionalities andno no , you know what I mean . You havmust be innovative technology for remote controls , but more in how you control stuff , not in how you find youryeah . Yeah , it'sthat's that'sthink about it la later on and uh
C	To put it on your head .
D	Yeah sure , but
D	But I d I definitely don't think it's a five , but
D	Remote control is easy to use .
A	Yeah , as a a one or a two ma uh at least .
C	Yes .
B	Yeah , a two .
C	Yes .
D	I think a two . Yeah ?
A	Yeah , it's good .
B	More two .
D	Come on . The remote control hasn't got u.
A	No , I would have seenthat one before . Oh , you skipped one uh
D	I've just filleduh
A	Uh , here .
D	Go away .
C	You like the buttons .
D	I found twelve questions so much , but it still is ten .
A	Remote control will be bought by
D	It will be bought by people under the age of forty .
C	Yes .
A	Yeah . Definitely .
B	Yes .
A	Well
C	In inand comparing with uh people of th of the age above ?
D	No no no . No , just if they if they buy it .
A	Uh , just in general . Yeah , a two .
C	We don't know . But
A	Yeah , but I think I think two .
D	Yeah , what do you think ?
B	Yeah , I think two , yeah . I agree . Two .
D	Antek ?
C	Yes , two , but only in c when you compare it with with elderly .
A	Uh , that is not the question . It's just w it will be bought by people under forty .
D	No , that's no comparison .
A	Yeah , you canyeah , you can be very picky about it .
D	And I don't mean two people .
C	This is just guessing .
A	Ah yeah , just make itwe'll make it a two .
C	Make it a two .
D	W w
C	When it succeeds , uh it can get a two , mu
D	Right , the rem
D	The remote control has recognisable corporate image , colour , logo or slogan .
A	Oh no .
A	Yeah . Yeah , you have make anslogan is quite obvious.
B	We don't have the slogan though .
D	Oh , the slogan . Can we see the slogan ?
A	Oh theoh sorry , no , not not the slogan . Yeah , you can put that on the side ifif we would like to .
B	The logo .
C	A logo .
B	Underneath it or something .
C	Yes , uh encrypted uh wit
A	Yeah , and I will I th still think it's gonna be a two or a three . Maybe a three this time .
D	Are we gonna do that ?
B	A three . Three .
B	Yeah , a three .
C	Yes .
D	Three ? I agree .
D	Because of the slogaRemote control's got a basic design intended uh for novice users .
A	And uh
A	Uh , it's a one or a two .
B	Yeah , two .
C	Yes .
D	Two ? Two . Alright .
A	Yeah , make it a two .
B	Two .
D	We gotta add up the scores now to see our total average . Four , five , seven , nine . Forget that . Fifteen , seventeen , twenty one , twenty four , twenty six .
D	Twenty six .
D	It's a two point six .
A	It's not that bad . Yeah , and that's mostly the inno when we uh score higher on innovative technology , we would score two ,
D	Alright , weyeah .
D	Yeah . True .
A	which is uh quite a great score . Okay . Uh , this iswas uh the evaluation ?
D	This was my evaluation . So
A	Because I I still think that the most important part of this meeting still has
D	We did a pretty nice job until now .
A	Yeah .
D	Um , is this your
C	Is there something after this uh meeting ? Or
D	Whatever .
D	Well , I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire .
B	No .
C	Okay .
B	Okay , yeah .
A	Still opened or uh
A	Yeah .
D	Yeah .
A	Okay , finance . Because um
B	Shoot .
A	I received uh a spreadsheet .
D	A five . A five .
A	Yeah , but I uh actually don't need this presentation , I guess . Oh .
D	Doesn't matter .
A	I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together , because I didn't really fin uh I have a.
A	Didn't really finish it .
A	Well , we uhWe'll see . We'll stumble upon some problems .
D	We probably will .
A	I probably have already opened it here .
A	try it again . First of all , the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list .
A	But let's let's st start with beginning . We include one battery . I i uh I'll explain itsUh , the the components are listed over here . Uh , price is given . We umyeah , we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component , how much we need of them . And then uh , we'll uh calcula Don't watch the number yet . I don't know if it's filled in properly . Okay , we need one battery . One battery . I think one battery is enough . We don't need kinetic , solar cells , hand dynamo . A s okay , this this is a p first problem . Uh , I think
D	The amount , yeah .
C	Yes .
A	we should know how many
A	simple chips , regular chips
C	Uh it's it's one one chip , but but you have to choose one from it .
A	Okay .
A	Bu
C	The simple chip is e enough I I think , but with the lights with the lights and the retrieval , it can be uh
D	I don't know
A	Where did we find this information ? Was it
D	I haven't got an idea on on which we need to use , really .
C	No , uh I
A	I think it was uh your job in the first uh meet Uh , f your first presentation to make this clear , but then you had some t time problems . But do you th youdo you know what chip we need ?
B	No .
C	Yes , my my my uh
D	Yeah .
C	The the email I got said uh simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device , it will uh cost a a bit more , like I think the advanced chipmaybe .
D	Yeah .
D	And how do you know ? I mean , you got that email . Did it point out what to use them for ?
C	Bec No , thethey didn't know about a retriever or a speaker uh in it .
A	Maybe you can uh look it up right now .
A	Okay , butokay . When we don'twhen we leave the uh retriever and such aside , whathen it would be a simple chip . And with the retriever , it would be an advanced chip .
C	Then it's a simple chip .
C	Yes , I I I s I
D	Alright , well , point out the advanced chip for now , I guess .
A	Okay . Yeah , but it will it will it will because a lot of problems .The sample sensorsample speaker . What is it m is that the speaker we were t I don't know what it is .
C	That will be enough for future uh recommendations .
C	I don't know it uh either .
D	I don't know .
A	Okay , we went for the double-curved case
C	Yes .
A	made out of plastic
A	and rubber .
A	And with a special colour .
A	I guess that's what we were
B	Well , special colour ..
A	Yeah , I don't know about the special colour , but I think w uh
C	Otherwise , you get uh a standard uh plastic colour .
D	I don't know if it's very special .
B	I don't
A	Yeah , I think we uh we have special colours .
B	Mm okay .
C	Standard rubber .
D	Alright , that's okay .
A	Okay , then the push-button , I was just counting them . Uh , I think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use , isn't it ?
C	St
B	Whoa , it's a little
C	Yes .
A	Well that's bit of a problem , because I re but I really don't understand that , because I can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it wouldn't be possible according to this uh sheet .
B	That's huge .
B	No . We havethe simplest buttons .
D	No .
C	No , it's only uh when you use push-buttons , it will cost that much . If you use a scroll-wheel
A	Yeah .
D	I don't think so , because it says amount . The the the yellow row is the amount of
A	Ah .
A	Yeah , it wouldn't
A	Fill in the number of components you plan to use in theand the total costI don't know .
C	Maybe it's the kind of push-buttons . You can have f four kind of push-buttons .
A	I 
B	Uh , one til nine . Is that one or is that nine buttons ?
C	Rubber . You can have uh
A	And I count them like this .
A	One two three uh four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve and thirteen . BecauseOh , this isoh , this is one , okay . Twelve , okay , then it would be eighteen , because uh , I uh rated them as uh um
B	Yeah .
D	To n that's total of four buttons .
A	as uh uh uh separate buttons . Yes . And plus these two , f uh plus the mute button , and it's will be uh eighteen .
C	Different , yes .
D	I think that
D	Eighteen . One two three four five , si
C	Why is that so uh expensive .
A	Yeah , I don't understand . Y I do I don't get the point , because it's would be
A	s relatively so expensive , just these m small buttons .
B	Is it cents , the the the fifty cents a button ?
D	Fifty cents for one single stupid button .
C	So , whe when youso then it
B	No way .
A	Well , okay , well well let's make it just one .
C	It's eighty percent of the price of the of the amount of
A	Here , now it's now it's already s shall we just
D	Yeah , exactly . Yeah .
A	give our own interpretation to , because else we would really have a problem . It would be impossible to make it
D	I can'tI I I couldn't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button . Really .
B	It's way
C	When you have the same amount of button , you have to put in wi in your carton . Board . And then throw it
A	And and less buttons than this isn't possible . This is the most simpleyeah , it is possible , but I've never seen one before .
D	Yeah , yeah 
B	No , no no .
C	But whe
C	I've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah , only with uh page up , page down and volume , but but
D	No , really .
A	Yeah , without the numbers . That's possible .
B	Yeah , uh
A	Yeah , we could skip the numbers .
D	Yeah , but I d I wouldn't want to own that . Really .
B	That's still four .
C	Uh , it's it's still for little children . They can handle that remote control , but but it isn't fo
D	Yeah .
A	Then uh , teletext would also be im impossible .
C	Yes , it's forit's li uh it's just for a little
B	Yeah , that's no option , that's no option .
A	Okay , we'll we'll justokay . But then still ,when wethere's no room for a docking station or something . Tha w Le let's see th we have uhoh yeah , button supplements . We'll give the buttons special colour . We'll give them a special form . Uh , I think we should mark the special form thing , because itthis will be some special forms incorporated in these big buttons , I guess .
B	A special colour , why a special colour ?
A	Because the buttons will be uh d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings . I think that's thewhat they mean by a special colour . I think all the special colour things have to be marked over here , because that's what we were planning to do , making it
B	But wha what s what special ?
C	Otherwise , it
B	Okay , yeah .
D	I don't think the special form is really true .
C	Otherwise it would be the
B	Uh , yeah .
C	Special form also , it says .
A	Yeah , special material r also , because i has rubber . And the buttons have to be rubber .
D	Is it ?
C	What is the normal material ?
D	Yeah , I dunno .
B	Plastic .
C	Sh yeah .
B	Plastic , I think .
C	Classic ? Oh , plastic .
B	Plastic .
D	Plastic .
A	'Kay , but the problem now is thatthe
A	There's no such thing as a docking station in this list , but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents .
B	Yeah .
C	But we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking stationyes . And andbut we don't have to tell it , but what we can say ofcan um almost make it impossible to buy a remote control without the docking station .
A	Separately .
B	Se no no no .
A	Yeah , yeah . Yeah , but I do like the idea , but weyeah . It uhbut itthen the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore , but we canbut then you still have to usewe have to find out what chip we u need .
D	No .
C	No , but youotherwise you can't retrieve it .
D	Yeah , I really don't get it . I mean if it's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two Euros and thirty cents .
A	I think we can agree on this . I I think the special colour thing has to be uh marked .
A	'Cause I think we uhYeah , I think that's what what what they uh mean
D	Yeah , yep .
C	But for two Euros and thirty cents , we uh we don't get a docking station .
D	I think so , too .
D	Oh , I don't know .
A	But can we find out uh about uh this chips ? Because when we don't need a d a docking station , then probably we also have onlywe also need a simple chip .
B	And then we can get a docking station .
A	And maybe then we can do something extra . Oh , n uh oh , stilloh , it's gonna get more expensive with. Two . Then we have some money left . We can put then
C	F
C	For two Euros .
A	We can put a scroll-wheel on it or something .
D	Uh why ? I mean i i if youif it would cost two Euros , that had a total a total thing , it would be nice too , I mean uh we're not gonna add uh a trip to Hawaii to it .
A	Yeah , well who knows . Or a little bit of tin titanium .
B	But what what can we do
A	Yeah , or we can ki do the kinetic cells . That's also maybe an idea .
B	But uh what can we do with the simple chip and what's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ?
A	Yeah that's what then what he has to find out . Maybe you can uh find it in your email right now , then we knowthen we exactly know what it will cost us . Maybe is thatthat's nice to know .
B	If if i
B	Regular chip andbecause we don't have uh special functions to use uh in advanced chip , for example .
A	Yeah , bu bu but when weyeah , but when we skip when we umwhen we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station , then we stillyeah , we need something else maybe to make it kind of special , because that was our our special feature .
D	I like the hand dynamo part .
D	We can make a plain docking station for two Euros . I mean
B	Yeah .
B	We'll go back uh tomorrow .
A	Yeah , okay , you can also do that , but maybe
D	Wi wi without recharge
A	It still is a special remote control cons uh you know , wi its form is special and material .
D	Yeah , but but we can make a docking station for two Euros uh if you don't put the recharge function in it . I mean ,
D	it has a shape . Of course it has a shape , but i i
A	Yeah , but for two Euros , then we have stillmaybe we have to use the advanced chip , then two Euros isn't even possible .
D	Why should that not be possible ?
A	Yeah , thenbecause then we'dthirty cents left .
D	No , for for the uh for the docking station if you do if you choose the simple chip .
A	Yeah , butyeah , I don't know , because maybe d uh yeah , we have to find out with the simple chip .
B	That's the question . If we do i do we need an advanced chip , or is it okay f
D	Yes .
A	Yeah , and w and and we uh need f and what is this ? Sample sensor sample speaker .
C	It isn't in my information , so I don't know it uh either . It isn't in my information , I uh II've got a
C	schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about uh advanced chips or
A	You can look at it for s presentation .
A	S technical functions ?
B	No .
C	Uh I've got here in uhI will put a I will put a page on it .
B	No no , they were uh mine , yeah .
A	Oh .
C	When my mouse works again .
A	Oh , oh oh .
A	Hey .
A	Oh .
C	My mouse is uh
D	Dead .
C	Yes .
D	Reanimate it .
C	Oh .
B	Died .
C	Ah , I've got it . I will put uh
C	my email on the
C	the network .
D	What the hell are these ?
C	It's on it .
D	Oh , whatever .
B	Yeah , it's open .
A	Mm .
A	I don't think hereit's in here already .
B	It's circuit board .
B	It's only just basics for for
A	It's nothing about s yeah .
C	Yes .
B	At the end circuit there is an infrared LED .
D	This isn't helpful .
A	No .
A	But i in the presentation of yours , there was also something about different components . Which one was it ?
B	Components design .
A	Functional requirements ?
C	Um
D	No , that was my presentation .
B	Components design maybe .
B	N on top .
C	Yes , that was mine .
A	Ah .
A	Ah yes , it was the second one .
C	But that was my second
D	It's already open .
A	Yeah , it was your secondyour first presentation .
D	It's at the bottom .
B	Working design .
A	Sorry ?
D	It's uh at your task bar .
B	Yeah , but it's the the other one .
D	Oh .
C	Mm
B	Was it working design or components design ?
A	Uh , this is n this is not this n that's not the right one . I don'toh .
D	Sorry .
D	Okay , sorry .
A	No , this is the other one . Or maybe something is uhmaybe there's something abo in in these
B	Chip set .
C	But this is the same uh
C	This is o only the possibilities .
A	Here .
C	Yeah .
C	We can use a simple , a regular , or advanced chip .
D	Yeah , nice . I it doesn't say anything .
B	The display requires an advanced chip .
A	You know that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it it me requirOkay , so we only need a simple chip .
C	Ah , okay .
B	Requires .
C	With the light .
B	Little lights . Yeah , but that that's just the same as the the LED .
A	No no , that's just a simple chip .
D	That's not needed .
A	A scroll-wheit s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip . So , we don't need any of them .
D	A display uh is , of course , uh for showing letters . For showing text . I don't think that uh just a l a little light
C	L_C_D_ .
B	Yeah .
B	No .
B	I think uh the uh normal uh simple chip will be okay .
D	Yeah , I agree .
A	And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker ?
C	Maybe you can say against the remote uh page uh f uh page up , page down .
B	Yeah .
D	Yeah , I guess so too .
B	Yeah , true .
D	Next channel .
B	Well , that's not toowhat we want .
D	No . Well , we might want it , bu
A	Okay .
C	All in twelve Euros .
A	Back to the costs .
D	Yeah .
C	Twelve Euros and fifty cents .
A	So we're gonna use the simple chip .
B	So , simple chip is okay .
D	Great . Delete . Yeah .
C	And the lights . Where uh are the lights ?
B	Yeah , lights , yeah , there's no
D	Well , there're three , I guess .
B	category .
A	Nah , there is some money left to be spent .
B	Can we do it wi within two two Euro ?
D	I think we can make a docking station . Yeah .
A	Okay , but what we have to think about now is that is is it still a special remote control ? But I mean it isn'tit hasn't got any innovative technology , we aren't gonna apply any uh innovatedinnovative te technology anyway , I think . I don't I don't see any possibility to do so , because it wouldwouldn't fit our defi design philosophy . But what w is there some extramaybe I think maybe the kinetic thing is something .
B	Mm-hmm .
B	But it's original .
D	No , that's true .
A	Instead of the rechargeablethe rechargeable thing was something to umknow , so y so people wouldn't have to worry about their batteries anymore . Maybe weif we put the kinetic thing in it
D	M bu
C	But but sometimes you put a
A	Yeah , you leave the p yeah , I know , but still Ithey will think about that . I mean if you u
C	Kinetics aren't uh nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking .
A	The uhit's made for s peoplewell , the they don'tif it was uh uh r useless technology , they wouldn't put it uh as a possibility . And i it itth th the the target the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking. Because I think itwhen when there w was a remote control where it was useful to have a kinetic uh uh power source , then it would be this one . Because it's oneit gets thrown aroundthrown around a lot and it gets used a lot
C	Uh solar cells are useless .
D	Or the hand dynamo dynamo
D	Yeah .
A	Hey thatmaybe that's coolthat's a cool thing about it , you know . You don't use batteries . I've never seen it before in a remote control .
D	Yeah , but but if we ca
D	I don't know if
B	But then we could make a docking station .
D	Five minutes .
A	No , we we we can't make a docking station anyway .
D	That's not true .
A	Yeah , we can als or uh also m we we can make onewe can still make
D	We can make a docking station for two thirty .
B	Wow , w why no li Look at now , we got two
D	Two thirty .
C	Fofor a docking station . With a cable , with uh buttons on it , with retrieval uh device in it .
B	two thirty left . Ca can't we make a docking station of that ?
D	We can make a docking station . Sure .
D	Sure .
B	I don't know .
D	The power device is is i i is very cheap . That's just a regular uh power cable and whatever .
A	Yeah , but be serious , then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control .
C	Wi with a button to
B	Well , we we uh
D	So .
C	wi with a button to retrieve it , so it will beep . Uh , so it's uh wireless technology .
D	Yeah .
A	Yeah , but we uh we don't inc we haven't looked at thethese costs of the speaker and other stuff .
A	I don't think it's realistic for you to do so .
D	Well then it's a useless project .
C	Look at the case , the case the case of of uh of uh
A	Oh , because w
B	Yeah , then we don't have any innovation things .
A	Wewell look at all the special stuff we have . Colour a the colours are special , the form is special . Itth this is whole concept . Uh maybe itwith the kinetic thing , I think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing .
D	Can't we uh
D	Can't we say fifteen Euros ?
A	Uh , no .
D	No , sta yeahI mean
C	No , then we have to sell it for thirty Euros .
D	No .
B	No , we only make less profit of it .
C	It's the
D	You can sell for twenty seven and a half .
D	Then you make as much profit as you would with twelve and a half production costs .
B	No .
A	Yeah , I don my suggestion is to just forget about the whole docking station thing and make it uh like a
A	Uh uh I I I I still fee I also feel this concept of making it kinetic ,
A	because of theyou know , it g it gives something dynamic to the remote control .
D	I don't think
C	Maybe we can uh can do it both . Maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote . Battery and kinetic .
D	No .
A	No , that wouldn't n no .
D	Thirteen twenty .
A	Yeah , and it is also not a goodit's notyou have to really do it only kinetic , you don't want it to think about batteries anymore .
D	And I think only
C	Yes , but when it'sthen when itthen you have to shake it uh and all when it's when it's empty .
D	Yeah , but only kinetic , then you gotta
A	No no .
A	Yeah , it's great .
D	You you gotta throw uh throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really .
A	No no no . No no , this is very sophisticated technology technology . When you use ityour remote like once a day , or maybe even less i i it
C	You asked for three d
C	No , that's n that's not true . Uh , a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time .
D	No .
A	ItWe can make ityeahno . Becau be but a remote control getswhy do they state that this technology can be used if it
C	Yes , solar cells are also stated .
A	Yeah , m but a w uh uh n uh a calculator also works on r on solar cells .
C	Why don't we use solar cells then ?
A	Because I think the d whole dynamic part , do you know , appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy , you know , with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing , and y when you move it around a lot , then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and
C	That's true .
D	Yeah , it's funny for a week . I guess something like that , where you have to move it around very frequently , is demotivating .
A	Yeah , but you don't have to . Trust me . The idea of this technology is that you don't think about it , it just happens .
D	No , I I don't move my uh my remote control very much , seriously .
A	Okay , then we d Okay , well y we don't have to do it , but whatthat would just have a lack of key features , you know . You m have to put something on your box . You have to make people buy it and uh
C	Oui .
A	We can really can do the docking thing , uh it's notyeah , uh we can do it , but it's would be a easy way out .
C	You can do it for fifty cents .
D	Well , we've got more than fifty Cents .
C	The cThe case the case alone is is is uh
A	Okay , but we have to grou to agree upon something , because uh we only have a minute left or so .
C	the case alone for uh remote control is at least one Euro .
C	Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station .
A	No no , it's not possible .
A	Okay , w b we can s we can leave it on be well then then th it'sthis isthen then our concept is ready .
B	Cheap remote control .
A	Yeah , we make some extra profit of it .
D	Yeah .No , we won't , but that's um something else . No , this not gonna sell . No .
C	But now
B	It w it won't tell , but
A	Huh , any ideas ?
D	Of course not .
B	No , uh , n no
C	Great. It's great .
B	Yeah , we just have to go all what we did today again . You have to do it over .
C	Our remote control .
D	We come back tomorrow , okay ?
B	Yeah the
A	No no uh there's still there's still someth concept and something special left . I mean we're gonnait's gonna excel in in on in the the range in the field of design and and uh looks and feel .
C	Yes .
C	Seventy Euros .
B	No , butno .
A	That's what it'smakes it special .
A	Yeah , and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as well , to give it some
A	just to give it some extra special feature , and uh I know it will work , but uh it's it's anThey're they're not putting technologies on this, but if it if it was impossible to
A	to make it happen .
C	Why not a hand dynamo then ?
A	Okay , well we leave it like this . Then it's c then we'reyeah .
B	Yeah , yeah .
D	We can't do anything else . Warning , finish meeting now .
C	We're done .
A	Okay , project e uh well , we were gonna what looktake a look at the last sheet .
C	Is this it ?
D	Yeah ,sure .
C	Okay .
D	No , we can't .
A	Yeah , we have toYeah , it&#39
B	No .
D	Yes , yes . Celebration . I don't see why , but
C	Yes .
C	Where's the champagne ?
D	I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire , to be honest .
B	Yeah ?
C	I don't uh hear a bell .
D	No , not yet .
D	Alright , I'll see you guys in a minute .
B	We can do it here then .
C	Bye .
D	I don't think so .
B	Can wecan't we do it here ?
D	I don't know . I don't I don't think so .
C	Uh-huh .
C	Just fill that one in .
B	Yeah , we're doing now . But it's.
B	Oh , okay .
A	Uh , I don't know .
B	Nice .
