A	Mm-hmm ?
A	Okay .
A	Ooh .
B	So we're 'kay ? On theor
B	No . I dunno where to put it 'cause the
B	Okay . Could you s take it off ?.
D	Is that alright ?
D	or
D	Okay .
B	Okay .
D	Keeps coming off . 'S fiddly .
A	Hmm .
D	Right .
A	How do we sta wa how do we start ?
A	Does anybody know ?
D	Oh , another one .
A	So that's this
A	Oh okay , right .
B	Are we free to take notes uh
B	Okay .
A	U.
A	.
A	Hmm .
A	Okay , just hang on a second everybody . I haven't actually looked at this yet .
D	Ah .
A	um
D	Very nice .
A	I haven't looked at it , but let's just start it off and we'll see what happens .
A	If you're all ready .
C	Yeah .
A	Sois the agenda ? Opening , acquaintance , tool training and project plan , discussion and then closing .
A	Project aim is a new remote control . It's original , uh trendy and it's user-friendly . Project method , functional design , individual work , another meeting , conceptual design , individual work , and a meeting of details design , individual work and a meeting .
D	'Kay .
A	Tool training .
A	Try out the whiteboard , every participant should draw their favourite animal and sum up their favourite characteristics of that animal .
D	Okay .
A	Um .
A	Uh Miss Industrial Designer , would you like to go first ?
B	Okay .
B	So are we supposed to bring the little things for the
A	Yeah , why don't you just c , I think just clip onclipdo you have a belt ?
D	Clip.
B	Mm .
A	Or put 'em in your pocket , yeah .
B	Yeah okay . So my favourite animal
A	Yeah , what's your favourite animal ?
B	'Kay um
D	Ah .
A	Is it rude ?
D	It's an elephant .
A	That's a very good elephant .
C	The back end of an elephant .
D	Oh my gosh , I'm never gonna be able to draw that well .
A	'Kay , and you want to write up on there , it says you've gotta sum up your f f your favourite characteristics of that animal .
B	Umokay , it's big , it's got a great memory .
D	Does it ? Oh .
B	Supposed to have a great memory , we say an elephant never forgets . And uh dunno know why butlooks like nice to me . Nice animal .
A	Mm .
D	Mm .
A	Okay . Wonderful , well done . Do you want to use the wipethe m the wiper and wipe it off ?
B	Okay .
A	And Mister aesthetics designer do you wanna go next ?
C	Aesthetic yep , sure .
D	I have no idea what my favourite animal is .
C	'Kay , my favourite animal , uh let's see .
D	Oh .
D	It's
C	Dunno if any of you have seen Napoleon Dynamite before . It's a liger, a combination of a lion and tiger. Have you not seen Napoleon Dynamite ? Oh it's a hilarious movie . You have to see it . And
D	A what ?
A	No .
D	Alright .
D	How.
A	No .
D	No .
B	No .
C	and it's best characteristic is it's pretty much
C	the awesomest
C	animal .
C	But you have to see the movie to fully appreciate it .
A	Okay , well done .
D	Great .
D	Me ?
A	Yeah . Miss mar Miss Marketing ?
D	Okay .
D	Not quite sure how this is gonna work .
C	Therego .
D	Cool .Uhwell I'll try my bestto draw .
D	Can I just draw the face ?
A	Um yeah , I think you can just draw the face , but then you'll have to describe in writing how the rest of it looks .
D	Ooh .
D	It's a cat .Which also has what ? A big fat body and
A	That's a very pr pretty cat .
D	bigand a long tail .
A	Okay , do y do you wanna do somewriteyou wanna just write some words about it ?
D	Why ? Because um cuddly .
D	And usually cats are very friendly . Usually .
D	And they're healing as well . They heal . And they can feel when a human's got problems so
A	Wow , so they're kinda spiritual .
D	So , that's why I like cats .
A	Well done .
D	There we are , that's me .
A	Okay .
D	Mm .
A	Um , I don't actually have a favourite animal , but for the for th for this meeting I'll s draw a little
D	Mm-hmm .
A	Uh .
A	I honestly can't draw for toffee . Uh .
B	Really ? Oh that's a
A	Yeah .
A	nonouh
C	A prairie dog ?Oh a squirrel ?
A	That's exactly what it is . Uh not a very good one
B	Not bad I would say .
C	Yeah , that's pretty good .
A	Okay , well , you got it's a s
A	It's a squirrel , and I like them , because they're cute
A	and stupid .
B	Very good .
D	Ah .
C	Alright .
A	Right . Okay , so , I guess that was the test to see if this equipment is all working .
A	Mm . Let's move on to the next page . Okay , project finance , selling price twenty five Euros , profit aim fifty million Euros .
D	Market range internationally sold .
A	Yeah . Production cost , ah right it's gotta becan't cost any more than twelve fifty to make .
D	Ah right okay .
A	experience with with remote control , so talk about who who's used what . Any ideas ?
A	Stuff like that .
A	Next meeting starts in thirty minutes .
A	At quarter to twelve .
C	So I think before we close uh , we are expectedI mean the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer what our
C	what our ideas where . I mean if you wanna go back to the last slide . Uh
A	Yeah .
D	Yeah .
C	S 
C	Yeah , I think we'reI mean before we close the meeting , we're supposed to come up with some ideas for
A	Oh k so we're actually supposed to be doing this discussion like right now are we oroh okay . I thought this was just t giving us instructions for the re to do next , but
D	Yeah .
C	Yeah .
B	Mm .
C	Yeah .
C	Yeah , I think this is just the preliminary , get some rough ideas for what our experiences with remote controls have been and and what we would
C	roughly what we would incorporate into a new one maybe .
A	Okay . Right , who's got experiences with remote controls then ?
A	Pretty much everybody .
B	Yeah .
C	Yeah , I think we've all got
D	Uh .
A	Um .
B	Is this a T_V_ one we are supposed to make ?
D	Yeah . Yeah it's a T_V_ remote control .
B	Okay .
D	Well .
A	'Kay um .
B	T 
D	A new remote control for T_V_ .
D	What would I like ?Um .
A	W what
A	You want it big do you want it small .
D	Medium .
A	Are we are we going for like like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we are going for something that's that's big and
C	Mm .
C	Yeah it seems like there's likethere's sort of a tension between two ideas , I mean , you want you want one remote that maybe can work uh all all of the functions of T_V_ and if you have whatever associated with T_V_ the D_V_D_ player , or something like that , but like at the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something .
A	Video and ts hi-fi and stuff .
A	Maybe youyeah now th that's the other thing is it's gotta be cheap .
C	Mm .
C	Yeah .
A	'Cause I I I mean I was thinking something that's got different like maybe a a an L_C_D_ display on it that's got different pages for different devices ,
D	Mm .
A	but that would p that would probably be quite expensive .
B	But how do we know how much uh , I mean , how much do we have perhow much ? Twelve fifty .
D	Twelve fifty .
C	It g can't be more than twelve fifty per unit .
D	Each .
A	Per unit , yeah .
C	Cost .
B	So do we have to be realistic within the budget or
B	Close pr I don't know how much it would cost . Yeah .
A	Well at the moment we could , wa I mean we'cause we this is what we th what we're doing at the moment is just saying what what we'd like , and then after we after we've found out what we can like , some different ideas , we can then go and do the research to find out if theseany of these ideas are feasible or not . So would be nice to have something that that controls lots of different things .
D	Guess
B	Right .
C	Yeah .
A	Um .
D	Couldn't we have like one that comes out ?
D	Like so you have one in likemm it doesn't have to be really thick . I mean remote controls can be thin bits . And then you have one for your D_V_D_ and you sort of slide it out , and then you have another one , you slide it out .have slides . And then it all comes compact
B	Yeah .
A	'Kay .
A	Okay , that's.
D	into one . So it's notyou actually just putting three or four different remotes together but making them thinner , and um into one basically .
A	Th that's an idea .
D	So you just flip them out .
C	Yeah .
B	Umhave uh one very complicated one on one side withall the D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ access and stuff , and then on the other side oone uh a remote control that would be very very simple with just the channel , program plus andminus , and the just the mute button , for example . I can real keep it really really simple on one side and the other side be very complicated .
A	Okay .
A	One side for kids , one side for adults .
C	I'm not sure if that's like
B	Yeah . Or grandma as well , you know it's likewhat is the mute button .
C	I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote though , 'cause it would be very hard to use in the way that you mani manipulate it .
B	No , but you would slide it into uh someth like something on the back would holdlike you wouldn't be able to press the buttons , but
C	Oh .
C	Oh okay .
A	Like itor something like a flip telephone , something like that maybe .
C	Yeah .
C	Okay .
D	That would be cool . I was thinking that like a flip .
A	F flip it open and you've got all the buttons , or you flip it closed and you've just got the basic buttons on the outside maybe .
C	Mm-hmm .
A	Um , oh we've got five minutes left .
B	Start breaking up .
D	Okay . Um .
A	Butokay .
A	Well we've got a k we've got a few ideas there .
C	Yeah , we should uhI guess by the end of this meeting we should have at least a a rough conceptionyou knowstage one was technical functions design , what effect the apparatus should have . Okay . Um so I mean we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface , but the the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the T_V_ , but also devices connected to the to the T_V_ , I mean , be able to operate
D	.
A	Yeah .
C	D_V_D_ players , things like that .
A	I have gotI think we should also have a back-up plan ofI'cause I I I just think that it might be expensive to make something thatI mean we don't , we haven't been told it has to be something that will control everything . We should have a back-up plan of just a really good television remote control , that justthat is just for a T_V_ , but it's just a really good , nice one .
C	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
C	Okay .
C	Right .
A	What do you reckon ?
C	Yeah , I mean.
A	See 'cause ,I'm just thinkingbearing in mind th we've gottawe have to have something that's cheap to make .
C	Yeah , that's true , maybe we should just concentrate on having a a good T_V_ remote , and have it be um
A	I think we'll be able to come up with ideas and stuff a lot quicker .
C	have it be like ergonomic so it's comfortable to use , uh simple to use , and looks decent and
A	Yeah .
A	May w you know , maybe even
D	But what'll make it what'll make it interesting for people to buy though ? I mean if it's if it's just like
A	Or maybe even so something that's for disabled people or so people that uh b don't see very well orbig buttons fortouchy buttons for
C	Sorta find a niche for our remote , like market it to a certain kind of p kind of people ,
A	Yeah .
B	Yeah .
C	certain certain demographic
A	Or just one that looks really fucking cool .
D	Mm-hmm .
C	Yeah , no I think you're right .
B	Could be really light or , I dunno , something special .
C	Yeah , rathe rather than focus on
A	Otherwise we'll be we'll be here all day talking aboutdo this let's do that n I think we sh I think we should
C	Y
C	Yeah .
B	Yeah , 'cause at the end of the day if it says just T_V_ remote , doesn't say com combination with all all the r
C	Yeah .
A	Yeah . I mean obviously everyonewe're uh you know uh sounds like we're all a bit sort of gadget heads and we like things that do everything at once , but you know , that's
C	Remotes spinning out from other remotes and having little nested remotes inside .
A	Yeah .
D	Mm .
A	Yeah , that's right . Yeah . I mean I'd like one that makes tea as well , butthat's not gonna happen .
D	I think a flip up thing , 'cause you always have this problem of like if it's on thiswell I did anyway , like we had five or six remotes and they would be lying on the c on the coach , and you'd come and sit down andooh , the telephone'sthe television switched on or something . So maybe something that like
D	does have a lid or closes , so you don't accidentally press a button or record button for something .
A	Okay , like a lock f like a lock functs function on it like you have on your telephones , yeah .
D	Yeah .
D	But make it like really snazzy and coolpeople will want it . So make itYeah .
A	Yeah , it's gotta be sellable . Yeah .
D	Yeah .
C	Yeah , that's true what you were saying , I mean it doesn't have to have a flip function , it can just have a lock function , so that it's not uh not usable when you don't want it to be usable .
D	Mm .
A	Yeah .
B	Mm .
D	Yeah .
A	Okay .
D	And even for kids as well . It's um it's safer for them , I guess . Like they don't flick onto
D	channels and all that sl flick onto 
A	No porn channel for children . Okay . Um alright , so we've got some ideas , we've got um
B	Okay .
C	I guess that's good good for now .
A	Let's move on .
D	Mm .
A	Oops , let's close that . Next meeting , uh okay .
D	W What does I_D_V_I_D_N_M_E_ stand for ?
A	Industrial Designer um which is
D	Ah ri okay .these are requirement specification .
B	That's
A	Um .
D	And I'm marketing .
B	Mm .
A	Yeah , there you go .S
A	User Interface Designer , that's that's that's you , so you gottayou go , you're you're gonna be the one that's working out what what buttons we need . Um .
C	That's me . Okay .
C	Right . Right .
A	Industrial Designer , you are the one, you know , you're gonna be working out kind of box it goes in , I guess so , um
A	whether it'swhat goes into the box , somehow .
B	Mm . Har how it works an
A	And in marketing
D	These are requirement specification .
B	Bu 
A	User requirements specifications .
D	So what the user requires
A	Yeah , what
B	Do you think our two kind of overlap , because
D	in a remote .
A	Right , okay , yeah .
C	Yeah , it does seem like our our responsibilities have some overlap .
D	I guess that's what it says .
A	You twoyou two are gonna be just , I think , you just double up , you know , youworking together .
B	Yeah .
C	Yeah .
A	You're the one that's gotta go and find outdo th do the research , see what people want in a remote , what buttons are used more often , and s stuff like that .
D	Mm .
A	Oh , we've been warned to finish the meeting now . Okay .
A	Okay everyone , well done . Good meeting .
C	Alright , see you in thirty minutes .
A	Yeah .
D	So, do we take these off ?
B	I don't
